Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2018-12-09T23:06:48-05:00

====== 9b ======
Created Sunday 09 December 2018

I thought I was giving myself a little treat. "a last blow out" as it were. 

"this is my last cigarette". or 'yeah, i'll quit" because right now i feel good...my body has the thing it desired, so it leads to this false sense of...

i keep forgetting that i dont want ampthetmines. i dont want to take more. i even said 'yeah, i know its not ideal'

now. i rationalize this as "well, if i can maintain the things i want to do, under duress, then i'll be even better when I'm not". this is true and this is my secret to keep. not for the reasons of not wanting to share, but because it is completely ineffective to just say this to someone. 

i want to feel the way i do, (besides my feet are frozen so i want a shower) well, instead of being upset at not being to take a shower, i calmly do something else. control over emotions.

removing fear and doubt. i havent had this feeling in a while but i have come to a big realization but cant get it all out right now, many trains left and came back and left and came back at once. 

this is because i dont notice the transitions from one dimension to the next. 

oh no. things are going to be difficult. but this time it is different. 

have i been incorrect in assuming that the things ive been practicing today, will then be removed from memory and i'll have to do it all over again. will flushing the bottle down the toilet help? i dont know. i enjoy the challenge of what im doing now. i cant eat well, my body...doesnt f

forgetting the realizations that confirmed i am right, am doing the right thing, for the right reasons.

attachment. 

nope. i win. 

today I:

	started making music with someone
	had honest, articulated conversations
	i forgot pot was my problem.
	when the amps are gone, i can still make music and have conversations...
	
	if i dont //feeeeeel// like going to "the job" tomorrow...ann is not going to leave me. and i have to accept the fact that if she does, then i am being taught something that in the end will utlimaetely be even better than what i have expierenced. if she leaves me tomorrow, after i explain my true and honest inentions, then i will have to accept the notion that is for the best. i dont like this idea. but, i have faith that she knows that my recovery process will have setbacks. which, is annoying because i know she knows it isn't. and i have a real hard time dealing with that without ampthetmines. so..the plan remains the same. i will do my best. which will include, decisions that may not be agreed with. its not an excuse, its not lazy, its not
	
	i am going to exhaust this bottle as planned. i am not throwing them out. that is merely one way of doing things that takes me to the same place. i hope she comes along. i would disagree with her if she thought i was doing something wrong. if she decides to push me out, then she is being a hypocrite as much as me. so why cant we just accept that about each other? 
	
	why is that that my intentions for a large number of my actions was for her, but that is framed as not good enough or that if i dont do a certain thing i am a bad partner
	
	i thought i was being a good partner. she did in fact make the comment that it is more than just helping carry stuff, then i feel disappointed. you know i did the best i knew how. 

	i provided you food, you provided me paper currency. 
	i'm sharing something that is very difficult for me share...
	
	thats only two sentences, but like dark matter, it weighs more than it looks. 
	
	maybe i should be telling myself this.....
	
	chicago. the nook. picking up crickets. preparing meals. sharing all resources. gifts. yes, part of that was sexually motivated but there are about 2157m other females i want to sexually engage with and i didnt give them everything. it was fueled by love. and the actions were natural because thats just what i do. i stopped doing those things because you impressed on me that was no longer necessary. and i'm not upset with this. 
	
	i'm afraid. or should i say, sense the notion coming on. i think this is usually the moment where i despaeraltly need to contact you. time for ....
	
			whats a metaphor for something i dont actually want to do, but i am convincing myself to do it, because it helps. im sorry, but at the moment i dont feel explaining addiction again. i cant wait to get my next hamburger fix...
			
			i'm not bitter. i want to, because while it is painful, there is some enjoyment in it for me. i am allowed to enjoy myself. 
			
			oh no. i dont have external affirmations. i have to rely on myself to keep the faith. 
			
			i dont have anyone to share my happiness with right now, that has always been the worst part. 
			
			i am perfectly ok with not being perfect. the pretty womans bouncy breasts come to mind. 
			
			i am actually trying to finish something as quickly, yet carefully as possible. boobs. 
			great. now i have to go masturbate. they never told me school would be this challenging. 
			
			
			crap. i just figured out something important 
			
			
			people perceive sound differently. a seemingly obvious statement, but profound nonetheless. it explains i I get so agitated when others do not. it explains why black peeople are so loud ☺
			
			i suppose i wouldn't mind jerking off, but honestly, the fact i, for example, really want to approach this attractive woman in my radius with perfectly sized bouncy breasts and ask her if she woldn' mind me fondling and suckinf on them for a while. while being honest about this, my penis starts to move, which it hasn't done in a while. this of course, leads me back to thinking about Ann. which, at very first the notion to be bothered was presented...i very much enjoy my thoughts about engaging in sexual activituy. i enjoy thinking about: 
				the first time i saw her do the downward dog without a bra on.l 
				the time she wore that particular kind of shirts that, soft cotton, form fitting without a bra. 
				that that she only had one button done on her shirt and i could see her entire side boob. 
				the time she let me feel her up, although...
				the time where she was naked, laid down on her stomach, while i laid on top of her and [[/rubbed/]] my penis on her butt. 
				the time when we were praticing drawing, when she bent over with her shirt off. 
				
				so my erect penis, stopped being erect when i went to the bed to masturabate to the thought of Ann and physically engaging her boobs, and not being able to (see: childish not getting what you want behavior). 
				at least right now, i dont want to do that. which, of course, as anything that is addicting will do, my brain will now send signals to make me feel upset in a way..its the same thing as withdrawl. i would then, behavev in ways (see: taking a pill) to attempt to subsituate for not getting something i want. 
				which i will promptly do now, because until the desired effect is no longer achieved, regardless of any promises or showings of what the reward would be, i dont "care" in the sense that the lack of feeling makes it so it doesnt seem like the thing truely desired. 
				
				i dont have control over my penis. not entirely anyway. which, alleviates a lot of pressure. it takes a lot of energy trying to have control over everything. i know its the right thing to do what im doing with the hopes of sexual encounters with ann, but it is not a condition. cant explain at the moment, but i know im right. oh, i was going to use the rational to ann 'im going to attempt to masturbate to replace smoking. thats not true. i enjoy smoking, and i can control that. well, i enjoy it in the sense that its obviously not good for me, but it does have benefits. i have said many times regarding inhaling smoke into the lungs is obvously not the best idea, if you care about such things. i am not allowing myself to get frustrated regarding all of these things i actually want. 
				
				I will hopefully remember that pot is my problem. Ok. I dont have to worry anymore. 
				
				Tomorrow I will be hung over. Merely hungover. Which means, for the last time, I will be sleeping in all day to alleviate this. I'm accepting the consequences of taking an abundnace of a substance. too much food, a different type of unpleasant feeling. with learned control of my emotions, its about as harmful as a blister and something i needn't be afraid off. ann is going to leave me, because she isn't krysten. 
				
				i will explain to her, that i needed to go through addictive behavior, with a sober mind so that i can remember what its like. the reason things never changed is because i never could remember. i am hoping that you will not be disappointed by the fact that i never knew pot made me forget like that. i am hoping that you appreciate my efforts, using my special knowledge and power of observation to take an oppurtunity to do something i actually dont like doing. if you noticed my first email to you when i woke up yesterday, i told you that i did not want to go get ampthethmines but i was going to anyway. when i got the ampthemines, the world was special again. what i was able to observe is the fact, that the power of this is, it is so good...
					a) it makes everything else seem unimportant and uninteresting 
					b) the feeling of love is basically numbed. in other words, if you remember at the nook when i used to cook you meals for when you returned home for work, that was because i could feel love. with that being numbed, the perception of consequence is dramtically skewed. this explains why i would keep saying to you "that isn't me, that is a different person". that is techincally not true as ive come to opinion of. but the numbing of that that sesatation of love turns makes it seem like exactly that. that isn't a metaphor, it is literal.
					
					this is why i have canceled my doctors appt with dr carroll and will never seek any kind of ampthetmine again. it is the same as pot. even as im writing this ive already rationalized going to a job, because its not what i want to be doing, but when i wasn't taking pot or adderall, it was something i believed to be the right thing to do. i'm not asking you to forgive because i know your love, and i know you will. what i am telling you is, if you see me attempt to take or aquire either of these substances i want you to leave me. i want you to say to me "i cannot love you or even come in contact with you if you continue to make this
					
					the reason im not going to a job tomorrow is because, i need more time to recover. its not because i dont want to, but the toll this addiction has taken on my body is heavy. this isn't a case of the sniffles, it is a litterlly a case of not having energy to move a body part even when i want to. the effects of no appeaite has deprived me of nutrients to a point where i cannot function. unfortunetly what you have witnessed, is me not following through on my commitment to contribute as a partner by doing things i dont necessarily want to, for the reasons of 'i dont have to, fuck this..'  this is because, while "high" those things seem so trivial, and i am blinded to the fact that is not true at all. and when i am low, or in withdrawl, the body feels so poorly it is like having have cramps, the flu, muscle atrphoy...which if not bad enough, it turns the mind into a vile, hateful, unconcerning playground for the ego to play in while i lay in street completely defenseless. i have never know any of this until now, and i hope it goes without saying....
					
					as you can hopefully observe, with the absence of pot, i am able and capable and clear in my decisions. the decision to not follow through with the teleperfomance job is based on a) i need a minute to recharge 2) living in a shelter provides the motivation where living in a codependent relationship did not. 3) i am not physically fit enough to bike or walk back should i miss the bus and with the weather reaching dangerous colds, i am not going to add to what is already the most difficult thing i have ever had to do, especially since now, i hope we have an agreement to trade food stamps for dollars, which at least doesnt take from you. i hope you remember how many times i have "im not promising anything..." and know that when i say now, i promise i am still pursuing other work that will meet both our needs that you believe me. also know this, despite the lack of perceived action from your hill, in my mind, every single thing i was doing was with the intention of making you happy. which, i find odd the result of substance abuse was doing things thikning i was making you happy, when in fact i clearly was not. i am not blinded by the fact that you didn't want to be around me, even though i wish you would've been honest with me for the reasons. that actually did more harm than good, even though i understand you are comfortable with being honest as honestly tends to hurt peoples feelings. and neither of us like that one bit. so, not to lecture, but something I will advise you of as you may not even see it, is you need to practice being more direct if you want to have any sort of satisfactory relationship in life. this is an absolute fact. i knew the reasons you gave regarding alone time wren't true as the problem is, the pain is so painful, that any attempt at lying is so obvious that it actually hurt me even more, which then drove me to keep taking more pills. when you lie, it hurts me deeply. when i feel hurt, i turn to substances to mask the pain. we all do this in one way or another. what i am actually doing now is demonstrating that honestly without cruelty. this hurts to say to you. you will feel hurt reading this. but the important thing to remember is that this isn't wrong, we didnt do anything wrong. we didnt fail. it is a by-product of our amazing gifts. we have to take the good with the bad. also, while i will still be at the shelter until i can afford my own place to live, i sincerely hope you never think again that we have to do this alone. we cant. we cannot acheive our vision by ourselves. i hope your ego doesn't lead you to think "oh yeah, watch me". because i will watch you. and like you probably did watching me, will be deeply hurt knowing there is nothing i can do about until you reach a bottom point that is so painful i would rather cut my own body. 

					what i did was allow the choice and the allure of pleasure take advantage of a naive brain to make choices that hurt you. this isn't my fault. what you did was withhold honesty from me which drove me further down that path, and you did this because you thought the lie wouldn't hurt. this isn't your fault. neither of us knew what would happen. neither of us could know a computer would crash until it crashes. 
					
					i dont want to waste time here. you have apparently convinced yourself you need "several months" to heal. you dont. we dont. i know you are sick of not getting any closer to our dream. with the knowledge we now have, lets actually forgive each other (not just by saying it, but by doing it). 
					
					if that isn't something you want, i'll go. but i will no longer allow for the choice of short term pleasure guide my decisions. and if you aren't willing to be a partner and put in the effort it will take, then i have to move on to find someone who will which is the very last thing in the world i want to do. but i wont leave you because of petty emotions. i will leave because, and suffer the pain of time for you..because eventually you will suffer at your own hand and it wont be until then until you see what i see. the thought of you even going through 10% of what i have had to endure, makes me think i want to end it all the thought is that painful.
					
			you have a very solid understanding of withdrawl and addiction. which is why i wont lecture you about pot. but i highly recommend you try to replace that addiction with sex. i know what that sounds like, because an a person you have a highly regarded opinion of (russell brand) talks about his expierence with it and how absitence helped. this is just advice from someone who's been in the room a few more years, which by default gives me observations to share. i know we share the same ego, that usually will respecfully dismiss advice of those older. it is my sincere hope that you believe in my efforts enough to take a leap of faith when i say "do what i do. im showing you right now, remember our goal? show the others something better" read my thoughts now. this is me showing you something better. i look forward to seeing what you will one day show me. 
			
			i will observe to you that you follow very little of what you preach to others. i know this comes off as me being an asshole, which it shouldn't since its an observable fact and i am equally as guilty. consider how your body feels constantly. you are always in pain and uncomfortable. aren't you tired of that? aren't you tired of doing the easy things? i am. finally. it took me 38 years. let me help you for once and let me show you your words. faith. you gave me that word. let me show you what ive done with it. i cannot explain in words how much more there is in this world, which is frustrating because if i could, you wouldn't hesiate to put objects and pot and come with me. its not an object i can give you to tacilly interact with. you cant imagine it. no one can. not until they see it. and by see it, i dont mean with your eyes. i mean, actually know what the faith will provide you. i found yahway. turns out he can't afford rent either and has many addiction problems. you probably didnt recongize him. he's black now and has trouble walking when he's drunk. im sure glad i had your help lifting him up the other day. 
			
			please come with me. or, if i can take a break from trying to play a part. let me come back home please. i can still help the way i want to without having to think about how much better this would all be if you were here. i know if i dont follow through with my practice that i will end up back here. i will never forget this again. im asking because it never hurts to ask. i understand if you think then feel you need more time, and that will give me more practice at patience. ive rejected it (no guilt just facts) this whole time. my purpose was to go through every single millisecond of this, as many times as it took, so i could learn. so i can be a helper too. my hope is, that you will be my partner and allow me to be your partner. 
			
			so i want you to help yourself. let me come home to you. if i fail, or backslide, you need to practice dealing with that honestly. i say this to you because i actually believe that will happen. it will happen because it needs to. that, to acknowledge and knowing that once the amptheimines whear off (which is why i am purposfully abusing them now hopeing that without pot i remember the part where i am doing a service by actually expereiing this then writinng about it. an anaology is method acting. except its not entertainment, it is what this world needs. 
			
			we need to start sometime. why not now? no matter what it is going to be terrible at first. which is why we've avoided it this whole time. you can't pay your debts with money. cheryl is your mother. you need to realize that she is helping you. you are getting a chance to practice helping her. you are my teacher and you are also my classmate. there is something more than what we know. but we dont get to it when our physical bodies expire. we only get it when we lean into the fear like you always say to me. i suspect you already know this and have just been waiting for me to realize it and then do it. im doing it now. while numb to it but fully capable and ready to deal with, and then use what i learn to help others. 

			i think, im over the notion of ok i got it, i can do it, please trust me, and end heartache. 
			
			

direct honesty. its about damn time i figured out how to take it. 			

