Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2018-12-07T08:18:51-05:00

====== Friday 07 Dec 2018 ======

Hello Friend ☺

I've thinking about our relationship, as well as my personal issues with depression and attachment. I think I've been doing really well this week in filling my days without the need to contact you for the sake of relying on you as a sounding board. This is important to me, as it is helping with my overall issue with attachment, and giving me hope that I can form relationships with other people without being so "needy". Also, I truly hope this alleviates any stress you feel from me being so "intense". 

With that said, I'd like to structure a set of goals for the near future. After this weekend I'm not going to contact you unless it really has something to do with us logistically. The reason for this is to help me practice "detachment" and not being so emotionally needy. My suspicion is that after a period of time and I don't hear from you, my brain will start trying to trick me into thinking that you have stopped loving me, and that I know is simply not true. So this exercise is to face that and deal with that on my own.

So...I would like for you to be the one to initiate the next plans for us to hang out. Now, the important thing is that regardless of the amount of time that passes, I do not want you to do this for the reason of obligation. Thinking 'oh, Bob might get upset if I don't contact him...' or something like that. I want you to make a plan when you want to, in the mindset of 'oh, Id like to hang out with Bob today..or whenever..let me check cringe, or maybe a play or maybe a woodworking class or something cheap and easy to get to'. You do not need to contact me to say 'I don't feel like hanging out this weekend', as my effort is to assume that if I don't hear from you, that is the case. In addition to the other tricks, I'm pretty sure I can pass on the thoughts of 'oh haven't heard from Ann, wonder if she's alive'. That's mostly paranoia slyly mixed in with a general concern that of course I will always have. That one bothers me a lot and I need to learn how to deal with that.

I do hope you will contact me wanting to do something especially if you feel like "shutting down". It is my opinion that when the desire to shutdown is at it's highest, that making the difficult effort to get out and do something really helps elevate the mood. This is something I have to work on too. 

During this period of no contact, I will be continuing to work on self-reliance. I've actually gone this entire week without failing into despair, which triggers attachment, which etc etc...and it feels really good.

Having said all that, I have a proposal for you for this weekend. I would still like to catch a movie (or visit the library, anything that suits really). In addition to that, I would like to trade you the food stamp card for some cash. This way you're not just handing me money, but get something in return. This will also, hopefully, help me manage capital better. I tend to not pay attention when I'm using the card, but seem to be slightly more careful with dollars. This is of course if that suits your budget plans. We can discuss exact amounts later, but I've been doing well on ~50 a week. As I'm getting used to being "out and about" again, my concerns regarding not having enough resources are rapidly dwindling, which is an albatross gently lifted from my shoulders. 

Let me know what you think. ☺

Love,
Bob

P.S.
I have also been thinking about the relations between you, myself and Cheryl. At some point (and I'll take your lead on this) I would like to have a conversation with Cheryl to, as they say "make amends". I'm not sure what I would say yet, but the goal would be for you not to be caught in the middle of two people you care about not getting along. Since leaving, my practice at being completely honest with my situation with friends and strangers alike has made me feel a lot more comfortable in just doing that; being honest while projecting positivity or without provoking pity or awkward feelings. Being able to speak clearly, confidently with direct eye contact has shown me that when I do this, people react in a positive way, generating positive feedback loops. This has been really encouraging and I would like to use this forming ability to hopefully alleviate any tense feelings regarding any of this.
