Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2018-12-08T23:29:14-05:00

====== Saturday 08 Dec 2018 ======

So today was interesting.

Everything is ok. 

No more pot.

I like to practice things. 

I am patient

I don't hae to worry about food or money. or a place to sleep. 

I dont have to depend on adderall to feel alive, eventually real soon here. and its because when im done with this bottle, i wont dread and despair over the practice require to get to that point. 

I am looking at things differently. They are doinh this for a reason...

The negative soundscape vs otherwise...

Something //is// going on around me...which is now...clear but yet to be explained...

which is ok, that is n ot a requirment for me right now

i need to work on how i perceive ann. either she is a quite one, or she withdraws with pot too...which was my suspician a long time ago. 

ive seen her vibrant

i cant fix her, i cant make her, i cant scold her...i have to do what she did for me...be there when the pieces fall

which, is ok. my biggest issues seems to be me thinking i annoy her when im vibrant. i doubt that is the case as she didn annoy me at all when the tables were turned...

im trying not to confuse excited emotional happines with something negative. i really dont need to force myself to sit here like a statue. 

today as i said, i went from magellen to dory. seemlessless and all of a sudden

also, my gloves disappeared. i switched dimensions as ill phrase it. i saw the way anns face skipped a beat in movement. the whole store looked. this is validation. the result was i had to spend 10 whole dollars on a new pair og much better globes. it doesnt surprise me mhy typing is "bad" because my energy level right now. i know if i slowed down i can spell all of this out, it isi irrleva.

Look, I have complete control now. On both ends of the spectrum. 

The solution to all my worry is to stay away from pot. It really is that simple. It effects the memory in a way which has destroyed my life. That is all I need to remember. Everything is figured out well enough "on the fly". 

The way i view people is changing. The judgements are now fleeting. and am beginning to see them as me and not them. 

my practice in just letting go, has paid off. 

i really wish ann was here right now. but im not afraid. i dont need her for anything...like it was. the tables were turned this afternoon when i forgave her. its part of the letting go method, it doesnt need explaining. just stick with it.

right this moment of course i concern myself with forgetting again. but its a residual worry as i cant forget. and i dont need to feel it. i just know it. i have surrendened (like all words, stigma is not inherint. 

there is no "better"

i could live like this forever and be just as happy as living any other way. 

i have found the root. i can do anything. 

turns out, i just want a few things. ann, music and coffee?

i have all i need. and always will. always. 

i will always have a place to sleep. i will always have food. i will always have love

i did the thing i wanted to do most today, share my happiness with ann

she claims asperbergers kid. i disagree

i hesitate to consider that much more considerin she has been on the other side the whole time... ☺ 

i know ann is with me now. or at least watching over me.

i know shes in bed. ive observed her for quite a long time now, and am quite the expert in her habits.

she is in fact not "still upset' with me over the car. shes teaching me...many things. acting for the sake of that.

fact.

and, i really appreciat et that. now.

that is why i forgave her for every thing. and i was only able to do that because she taught me how. thats why the tramadic events occured. so then she couold show me how to forgive. 

it is a school, plain and simple.

which, like the schools in tedious details i attended here, teachers are often funny in odd ways.

and oh, all of these things "i" was so "against"...its everything i have ever wanted...

i am no longer going to play the role of 'i know what you should be doing."

the 48 things i just witnessed in front of me, could be a)

an oppurtunity for me to assert my knowldge of the truth.
b)triggers to provoke which i then have to control

c)another way to show me how annoyed ill be that im suppose to "do something abut it"

i cant teach understanding in a moment.

i cant undo ignorance in a moment

and im right. this is meant for me to think about this. and to control my emotions as i have no patience for those who are so confifently ignoranct

i doubt i ever will.

guess what? that is ok. i wil bide my time and take my recordings to person. then i will leave. whatever happens will happen, but that is all i can do.

that is, if i have time. i have a pretty bust schedule at the moment

i helped the man up today. that comes as natural to me as breathing. i am not insecure about my ability to enage in a situation to help my fellow brothers and sisters. but like a lighthouse, i really dont want to run around trying to right every wrong. that seems like a bowl of cereal in a cartoon. what i can do however, is continue to project positivity in hopes that it is as contagious as it seems. 

and i find that very frustrating....


powerless

im stronger than my oppoent by indescirble amounts. but i cannt stop it................l\


right now is good. i am facing the most difficult challenge i have ever faced, which requires me to sit here on the laptop, writing and making music.

reading, right now is a distacttion. 

reading is input. i want too output

thank you for the suggestion though, ,i do remember the sense memories of being enage with written word and i find it as enjoyable as a number of other things i do enjoy but have fallen out of practice so it doesnt come easy for me

right now my practice slots are soley and solidyly dedictaed to other things.

if i begin to lose my cool i will go for a walk. i will come back when i feel like and just listen to the actore play his part. even with very few words i can explain my positin to a third party. he is a nasty man. he is doing harm. i want to hurt him for this.

its funny. the idea of ~9 hours without pills (which is what i would take right now if there were any left (hah, thanks for that one) is a welcome challenge. 

i am not agfraid to spend a night in a hositpal 

i am not afraid to engage with police. i am not afraid to spend a night in jail.

the last one, admittely is very undesirbal as that puts up an extreme physicall barrier beteen myself and ann

but i wouldnt lose "my shit" 

if i wanted, i could work myself into a frenzy where the nice people at the hositpal would gibe me a shot in my butt and i'd fall alseep for many units of time.

these of course are all explorations into worst possible scenerios. 

howveer i want ann to love me. i want ann to kiss me. while chances may not be great, they are increased if i can show resolve during this challeng and overcome it.

i am battling something right now. we are beyond "substances" and their "influence"

this is...something i hope ends soon.

its something so much bigger and different, that i cant even say that its my attachment to ann.

sure, that might be part of it. time shifted. eariler a few days ago wasnt long where now it seem far off. 

no more emotinoall commentary. just factual observations explainned the best i can

if i happen to read this later, dont read into the spelling and grammar. my concern for that right now is nil. The idea is to state observations as it makes me feel comfortable. This is part of the perpetual motion method.

im not interested in being clever right now. 

im not engaging the nasty person. 

adminttly i am off put on working for anns birthday song because i cant give it to her right now. 

i accept the fact that ann sees me as a brother, not a husband. that doesnt mean i wont always want her as my wife.
i do not believe that if i complete my challenges that will be a "present" the present is as it is. i dont feel too thrilled about that right this second, but i do know it's perfectly ok. this i bet stems from the fact that while seems accepting of my affection, my expectatino of her affection doesnt click. in other words, she is very affectionate to me, in her way. but ive read her emails. i know she isn't affectiate with me the sam way she would be with lisa. i merely commenting on this. i know that once im finished with my challenges, this isnt something i really worry about anyway. i remember about shifting roles. today she was my friend. 

the conversation at library was one sided. i asked her about work. she didnt seem thrilled. i made my best attempt at spinning something positive, the intetnion was that what she is doing is valuable but she feels insulted because i guess they still consider her a 'trainee' even though she is doing work of a professional that is soe/

i get annoyed when i realize the answer, or to say, when i realize the subtle irony that she is doing a job i ahve been a propent of, and tried to get her to do with me. at least i know now she doest like it. which is odd, i was given an impression that shed be for it. 

this frustrates me. i really dont want to have to go over things i thought i knew about her considering i know she is acting her part. it confuses me and i really dont want to spend the energy guessing at something when i can be doing something more productive

i still love her. im just annoyed with her. lets wrap this up already. eother that or shut it down.

when i switch views to the student, the love is not remembered. 

this turns me into an resentful person, which i feel i can justify. actually, thats the tricky part. im not wrong.
my only true obligatino is to not hurt anyone. 

everything else is s a curtesy. 

now i am angry. time has stopped so technicall, using my words, this is anightmare. 

which is relief. 

no. i am not contacted ann. i promised i wouldnt. if i contact her now it is only because of emotional needs and i promised i would not lean on her for that until i can do it evenly and with balance. if i do so now, i may never have the pleasure of receiving a kiss from her. 

i mention a kiss a second time, thanks tom, because lets just be honest. thats what i want, and thats what motivates me. as ive said. ive accepted the way things are but it will in fact always be second best to something i have in my head that i think i want. if i start trying to step innto that loop i will get lost. 

i want to share a bed with ann. i want to sppon her. i want to physicall contact her. this isn't lust or some other varision of something my brain wants to tell me is trivial. ive told you numerous times that i have choosen to accept this because even with the idea 'second best' it is still better than anything in this universe. what does that tell you about her? 

quite frankly my hopes of this ever being a reality were crushed out a long time ago. my hopes of her actively enageing m

my mind wanders to the fact that she doesn actively enage with me because of fucking pot


this sends me to a place that does not feel good. and has given me a jolt of negative energy

so im going to tell myself for now that if i fight through it calmly, that soon, i will receive a kiss from her. 

that is the drug im having to run/turn to right now. 

i wil indulde in the fantasy thatr she will be so impressed with my new demenor and that she will be so moved by the song i am thinkig of giving her for her birthday that she will look me in the eyes like something she is deeply in love with and kiss me. 

that its been so long since she's seen me withtout a beard that she never realized that she is physically attracted to me when i clean. i am not throwing away the bottle i am picking up tomorrow for this. i am going to keep doing exactly what im doig because it is working. my top priority is fixing myself first.

now i feel nothing. 

i hope that doesn't lead me back down the road of being heartbroken in love with her again

she looked so good today

well, when this is finished. i wont be concerned with the fact that i will always be 'in love' with her, while she loves me. when my brain isnt handicapped with bullshit, i love everything. i can classify diffefrent types of love. sorry hippies, it can be seperated. 
4
im not debaing the contrust of romantic love and love. lets just say romantic love is a subtype. ann loves her mom, but im sure she is not going to rub her vagina on hers. 

and now this topic is becoming on of this endless philospocial debates which bore me because there isnt an answer. 

no one is right and no one is wrong if you have issue with that, talk to the person in charge

i dont resent this. i stil want to share a building with her. i have zero desire to pack up and go to "another locationo" 

yeah...what more can i say right now other than i want for this to be over. 

i remember all of the good parts of the day, but it always ends the same. its like those philosopical discussions. it just goes around in cirles and i am ready to get off. years of selfdellusion have jaded me to the point where i do not believe that will ever stop. i cant help it

the good news is, that for the first time the external worlds seems to be in agreement. 

so, instead of feeling shitty maybe ill just dive into the fantasy that when i make it through this that ann is there on the other side, waiting to hold me in her arms, kiss me passinaitly and hold her other so close that we practically melt into each other. and that she spends as much time thinking about me as i do her but she is just waitn gi f
ae
e
0
aw wFFJW
gu 
 0- 
 

The fact that i do not believe this to be true then leads me to the notion that this isnt worth it then. 

well, its not that it isn't worth it...i value the fi

i hold the person she is in the highest regard. i could do without the relationship as it is. 

ok, it must be almost time to go. 

wait. 

indulge me. 

why are things negative now? 

(now i want to pretend im having this conversation with ann, as she is part of me)

i think the fact that i actually have to explain that the way life is presented, is frsutrating 

i dont care for the fact that it is so indirect. and the reason for this is because i have, and will probably still carry with me a notion that blind faith...is not for me. as i explained eariler it's nothing personal. it was part of how i was built for whatever function i was suppose to serve. this world doesnt need another bleeding heart. this world does not need another asshole nasty hardass. this world needs an evently calculated sociio path to be both the direct and honest person while still be empatheic and senstive to needs. hyou cany have that combined and blind faith at the same time. if you like electivit os mch that is two positons trying to connenct. it doesnt work they repele..e''\


again, talk to the designer if that is wsuch an fucking issue. 
you seemded so please with gettig a "perfect blend of all of us"

that includes not actually carig about you

so stop asking me refucna fucking questions and end this already.

if this is really going to be me having to go through the motios to show you i can do this, well then we have all wated a great deal of time and energy,

im not ingteresting i your judgemen or whether or not you think i can do it. 

i have nothing to prove to anyone. i am finished. 

i dug the root up. 


its over. 
that has been and always will be good enough for me. i am sorry that you require physl mainpuat9np of this environ fto =to saaastifh yu. the active=it in the btain has alway been good enenugh for me when imnto being tricked or jandicapped
p


ive appreciat eht epleausre hefe bcaue i havew to. i didnt ahvbe a cohce

i can do othis all nighth and for many morel


want me to go a tedisou job? ?fine
want me to sit in exlice for "sevel amonths" fine
you want me to have frfespect for you ? fine 
jut know that notning has changed. ih ave never wante anything from you
EVETR
you taught me t

you tool afacvnt of the alcyta fo the bain 

you in fact, raincawsshe me

then i had to feel the away have foreve now because then i froget that it wasnt suppose to be this way and now thave sit here and aay thank you ayq  have moe?

fuck you.
=

this. this is why i want to be put in a box. i dont want to hurt any of you. this isnt something i can help. 

you have given me a choice. this choice involves spending energy i am simply tired of spending. period. 

dlnlt try to convince me there is either a positive or a negatvie conotatino to this

i dont want to walk anywhere
i dont want fight

i will beat you all every single time.

and no, i dont hae to prove that to anyone. 

for your sake, i will encrouage you by saying, im not special. anyone could claim the same thing given enough time. 

of course im frustrated. as quickly as im challenged i go back to being bored. 

i dont want to write a song for ann right now. ann is a teacher. who has knowledge and insight that i do not and could never have, and used this to provoke love. i'm going to leave it at that. 


i dont have to respect you 
i dont care about your struggles that came before me
read above to how i pointed out this is result of my design not a choice

any exptectiosn were learned

nWo. i refuse to state i want somethinf unless and it has to be now

that part of my pride im keeping.

how could i? being in the position im in. its like a mouse asking a cat for something something fuck you

i know you've been trying to teach me self-confidnece, and for that i apprecaiteed

but indoing so, youve damaged me in other ways that i wouldnt trade had i been able to fend for myself

youre lack of the affection you know ive always wanted...

fuck your silly language

youre complete lack of commucaiotn

you ahve adbanded me

and dangled a carrot in my face

if i forgive you do i get your love? no

then put me in a box. 

that is my love for you.

]
