Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2018-12-09T16:26:36-05:00

====== Sunday 09 Dec 2018 ======

For example, that one time where she gifted me the pocket mirror. that was an example of her affection. She didnt just hand it to me and say 'hey, here you go.' the way she presented it to me was very sweet. 
plus, the amount of time and energy spent in 
	thinking about it in the first place
	going to the place to get it
	spending currency
	presenting
	
plus, while she rarely seeks hugs from me, she always gives them. she is comfortable, and probably wouldn't say it but enjoys when i plop down on the couch with our bodies in contact as the warmth produced from our meat sacks is very comfortable. 

theres a chance she doesnt kiss on lips because of her self-conscous notion of her teeth. she did say that even. also, while i have been comfortable with the notion of placing a penis in my mouth, the idea of kissing a man has never appealed to me either. 

i bet at one point in the future, a kiss on the lips in the sense that we do on the cheeks would be as comfortable. 

that is quite low on my priority list right now. 

this "break" that we are taking is very necessary and quite welcome. refering to the codependency book, it is the intelligent choice for both of us. unfortunetly, i have been taking this with a negative stigma. its the nature of this. once we reconvene, whenever that may be, 10-10000 years down the line we will most likely need another break. 

we probably both enjoy sex 2-3 times a year, both prefer females. she was quite direct when i inquired about a threesome. i do not need to ask if "its cool" again. go out, get the meat and roll. no need to be reassurance. i am so tired of that. 

i dont remember what started the nightmare last night.

since i can now put the ego on the shelf at will, it is quite comfortable to say she has been training/teaching me to be //her// partner. her lament about still being stuck in training after a month, even though she is on her own working on documentation is...a reflection of what im doing now.

of course - im not wrong. 

Apparently I took for granted how difficult it is to let go of guilt. I had a point to make further a moment ago....

People, stare. I, stare. After a certain period of time passes a feeling of uncomfortableness is provoked. Sometimes, we get angry. "Whatchu looking at??" 

What? Why? Well. I'll start with the fact that this usually prevents me from being myself. I will act and behave different, not wanting to experience that feeling. which is weird considering how we crave attention. A stare with no facial expression, seems insulting sometimes. 'why are you judging me?' is an example of a question paranoia seems to have a hand in at least.

i think we might all know when we're doing something actually "wrong". a fruit fly appears out of nowhere around me. i doubt it's because i cursed my testicles for constantly being uncomfortable. what does this fly want from me. maybe the fly is interested in what im doing and just cant communicate this with me. thanks for that one movie for giving me only one possible explanation of it ever. imbalance of media input ruined imagination. 

So back to eye contact and staring. For now, without an explanation, I relucently but willingly would like to work on being exactly who i am all of the time. sometimes i choose to talk to myself, outloud. sometimes i dont. i have witnessed plenty of people who sing outloud without witnessing their death. i cant remember how i handled mike. i do remember really not wanting to say anything because i would never want to discourage anyone from singing. despite the fact that something in (re: ear area) prevented him from being able carry a tune. 

so, an array of conversations surround me. "what is going on?"

I like the method established earlier. If they think I'm crazy, then they can please transfer me to a hospital. That is their responsibility and would not be a bad thing at all. 

So now I need to practice being the person i was 30 minutes ago when i was alone. 

Im fairly certain at this point, my behavior doesnt offend. its weird "forcing" myself to be a silly spaz. i like to make noise. i dont need to force it too much. i dont feel bad. will wait until a period of time to go smoke. 

I feel nervous energy. I dont need to look up every 10 seconds to make sure no one is looking. in a group, there will always be a percentage ( a very small one ) that will do that...most others dont seem to even notice. This is a relief. I need to find a tree branch to hang from. Perhaps in a few, I'll meander over to the tree in the field and assess whether or not it's branches can meet my needs. 

Ann is like a tree. Trees can't help but be givers. Depsite no ballons, I believe this is what I've been waiting for. Comfort seems like an understatement. 




