Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2018-12-12T02:13:40-05:00

====== Wednesday 12 Dec 2018 ======


re: motivation

coming to the conclusion that the root of addiction is the breast of a mother. 

so i'm attempting to quall my fear that after a period of time passes, resentment over past sexual frustrations will build up and i'll end up hurting you again somehow. 

what lead me to hurt ann....

	"lies"
	"frustration/withdrawl of an addiction to orgasm"
	
I dont know how to frame this now. with magic involved, all logic is fractalized to a point. 
which is great, that means, somehow someway, every is ok. 

but i'm sitting here now because i believe i am in heaven. like, for real for real. part of this includes for some reason this notion of ann and i having [[/intercourse/]] - this now, seemingly expectaion has me worried. what i've been working on tonight is not letting that worry eventually lead me to negative point of view, which, i think; will somehow end up hurting ann again if we dont engage in full penetration intercourse. and that, if i just approach this the right way, this could end up happening the next time i see her as everything will be different. even though i know i can things without this, i worry that eventually it will lead to hurt. i'm trying to prevent this. the hurt will come from seeing her, being attracted and deeply connected to hurt in a way which i dont think i will acheive with any other woman. and the inherit addiction to the orgasm. my hope is that if we engage in intercourse, mutally, in what would ammount to "every now and again" that this would prevent the withdrawl mechinism from casuing hurt. 

so what im doing right now is trying to masturbate to this magical fantasy of this happening a couple of differnet ways. 1) i aks her to sit on my back, and while sliding down my back onto the lower part above the tailbone, her clititoris will be stimulated and she would then desire this. because tomorrow, i happened to look attracive to her. 
2) i enage this scenerio with the intention that sexual frustration i have over her specifically will lead to the underlying resentment that lead to me not doing the things that might have acheived this desired goal, which then lead to continued substances missuse, which lead me to hurt her. the notion of full penetration, mutually enjoyed, would somehow elimnate this specific desire, which is also motivated by love. intercouse with another female, i believe would stave off this issue. which, yeah, i find myself physically attracted to plenty of females i see. my want/motivation to do this with any of them is half what it is with her. then the hope is that she enjoys it, and we engage in it from time to time. the problem is doing it only once, may lead to wanting it more. which, i'm just not sure 

Estentially, i really dont want to think about using intercourse with ann as a motivator. and right now that seems like the only thing that is working. and then the notion, that if i keep doing, things that i know in 'time' will get the desired result somehow, the fact that it doesnt happen "now" will eventually lead to hurt. so now i consider just not doing the things, even though i know i will anyway. so then, when magic is brought into play, i am convinced that this "absurd" scenerio will happen tomorrow. and then, what i think might happen, when it doesnt, it will be fine for a while, but then eventually i will resent this and hurt her. it's not something i'm afraid of. 

so, im trying my best to hold on to the motivatation right now, in hopes that it sticks and i wont need that to continue. that seems...in the grand scheme of things, like it would effect my faith, sending me back to where i was. which, maybe not. i dont know how to see a future where my habits dont repeat. 

im working on the faith - expectation. That I have done all the things necessary and that my ability to be patience with //know//ing such a desire will be fulfilled. im worried my patience will distract me. or cause other issues. because right now, i fail to see how i cant not do anything. i dont want to expect a reward. not of this magnitude. and because of all the magic i remember, i now have an expectation suck in my head. 


so right now, i'm just doinng my best to manage the emotionally downswing that happens when i convince myself that ann and i will finally be partners, which includes, everything. i'm trying to ignore the night at harris, where she said 'full pentration' in response to my question 'doo you want to solve this permenatly' when my intention was to record the video to masturbate to later, because the idea of having "cold rational sex" with her, was heartbreaking. 

now i have this thought of she does find me attractive, because she selected me as a partner...grandbabies...and next time i see her, somehow, this relationship i've fantazied having comes true. which doesnt make sense, now. even though in shower, it made perfect sense. 

it makes sense, because while the actions seemed..trivial compared to what i think would required for this to turn into a reality...apparently, all along, while failing many times along the way, have made the right choices/decisions/actions and that my reward is the result of those. because, every single thing up to right now has been a designed lesson. and i believe that i ahve finally learned my lession. so im just trying to be patient and not distracted while im about to go through withdrawl from ampthmines and cigs. which, i know i can go through the notino is very worriesome. 

and now that ive lost my train of thought which had me so excited not to long ago, im cold and unrelaxed. so, i'm going to go shave now, with the intention of looking the best possible way to ann tomorrow.  

