Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2018-12-20T09:00:52-05:00

====== Thursday 20 Dec 2018 ======

At this point I see no reason to stay alive. It's the same thing every day. I see no purpose. My relationship with Ann is an illusion. There's nothing there. I'm not sure if there ever was. Well, maybe tiny snippets. She's always been cold and distant. I'm tired of trying to figure out why and what if anything I could do about it. I'm tired of trying to analyze her behavior towards me. Yes, she's helped me. Yes, she has been nice. Yes, from time to time she's been enjoyable to hang out with. For the most part though, from what I remember, she lies to me. She hides her true feelings. She feed her own need to control someone by taking advantage of my state of shock. I trusted her. That was a bad idea. Now I find myself in a state of hurt. The kind of hurt that leaves me thinking the only thing I can do about it is kill myself. She acts like hanging out with me is doing a favor when all I want is just have an actual friend. Everyone else I meet seems fake in their way. I think I finally have the confirmation of something I knew a long time ago; I will never have a normal relationship here. That is because "here" isn't real. Whatever "here" is, is a show. It's a game. It's something I'm flat out not interested in. All I do is spend energy I don't have to do things that I talk myself into doing thinking it's the "right" thing. It's a giant circle. I don't see a use in running around it anymore. I'm tired. All the time. I'm foggy. All of the time. I have no idea if I'm thinking straight or if I'm just poisoned by my environment. I'm tired of listening to the constant ignorance that surrounds me. Andrea said something about "believing" that I can do something. I don't remember what now. But it seems like another carrot she's dangling in front of me to get to me stay away from her. Which is ironic. Because I dont' want to be anywhere near her. She manipulates me. She makes me feel small. She lies to me. She accosts me saying she doesn't feel safe living with me. I don't feel safe being anywhere near her. She damages me. She says things that hurt so deep then she sends me back out to the street while she goes inside her comfortable little bubble. She never has made an attempt to get me to hang out with anyone she knows. Which means shes embarrassed of me. I hate her. And the worst part is; there's no moving on from this. What am I going to do? Go out here and "find someone else" who's going to hurt and manipulate me? Find someone else who's going to lie to me. Put on a show for me. Then I have to put on a show for them? I'm not interested in this. It means nothing. The constant contradiction. The constant inconsistency. 

And no, at this point I don't think I'm just letting something "pass through". This is the way it will be from now on. 

I can't imagine a way, an incident, a happening, or anything that will change the way I feel or think.

I received a reply from Ann. She said "Got you vm, glad to hear things when well at Franklin. Looking forward to movie. :)"
I don't know what to think about this. Last night I left her a vm suggesting a movie this weekend. I don't know what I expected her answer to be. I don't know if I should be happy about this. I don't know what to believe right now. I'm not that excited because like the last two times I went up there to see her, I was quite angry with her. Despite my desire to no longer be upset with her or to hold onto any anger I feel towards her. I was trying to "let things go" and to accept her shortcomings like she seemingly accepts me. But I'm afraid if I go up there, it will just rekindle memories of things I'm trying desperately and pointlessly to forget. I obviously can't forget anything. I am constantly reminded of her and she is constantly on my mind. I don't know why this is. Part of me wants to think it's because she is sharing a brain with me and that she is constantly there, pinging me, reminding me of her so as not to forget. 

Why would be it be so impossible for me to text her back and say nevermind? To cancel a plan that neither one of us really want to go through with. And to say to her "this is it. this is the last you'll see or hear of me." and just walk away. never look back. Of course I won't. I remember too many reasons why I love her. I remember too many good things. They're just shadowed by a fog. Right now the only things I can see clearly are all the bad things. I dont understand this. 



