Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2018-12-24T10:40:25-05:00

====== Monday 24 Dec 2018 ======

I'm just trying not to miss Ann. I'm sure once the off I'll be less apathetic to this whole notion. 

I just wish she was here. 
Walking along next to me
taking our time
talking about talking 
in the other room









Not sure why smoking pot after all this
time brings back thought patterns from
what I thought was long ago. I'm enjoying
the feeling of it. It's nice warm blanket
over the mind for a few. I'm not sitting here trying to think of everything. I'm just trying to appreciate what is around me. Got my little stories playing, the sun is peaking through adding a pleasant luminance to the place. I would like to keep in mind Ann's words to be "I love you Bob" in response to my declaration of "Oh I love you so much Andrea". I like framing her as my lil grape sister. Yesterday makes this hard. I can't entirely explain it, but it was so blissfully wonderful to be with her that everything else seems...well, not as good really. It would be nice to turn that kind of love into motivation. 

I don't think the fact that we have a very one sided relationship will ever stop hurting. I think blinded by the bliss of yesterday I forgot what I actually wanted. That was to spend one last nice day with Ann (which was accomplished) then find a proper place to end this life. I think now I'm just pushing off the inevitable. Mostly because I'm scared of leaving Ann. But I'm not going to play the "what if" game. I'm confident enough that if I terminate my body's functions, that it won't matter after. I'm fairly guessing that if I want to continue, there are many rewards that await this existence. On the flip side, should I choose not to continue, I won't be punished in ridiculous catholic version of "hell". Which, is clearly where I am already. I think that I should not continue due a few fundamental flaws in my system. Things which can be inhibitive to my ability to "manage" this dimension. Things I don't really feel like getting into, because at this point I'm tired of analyzing every bit of this thing. 

Of course I'll always be attached to Ann. I don't know life any other way. I'm not sure how you expect me to change this by just kicking me out and surrounding me with strangers. Yes, I can see the good here and that's what keeps me going. But regardless of anything, your presence is what makes this interesting. Since that doesn't seem to work for you, then ok. It's never really worked for me that I'm the one who has to put all of the effort into us seeing each other in the first place. Besides that one time where you initiated a cuddle, I cannot think of a time when I was just sitting there ad received a message 'hey, wanna hang out? (subtext: hey i'd like to be in your presence, because something inside me missed you)'. So I don't understand it. Why would I want to be in a relationship that was a clear of case of someone being in love with someone else who happens to be nice and has a hard time saying no. That's why just ignores the texts I send instead of just responding with her true feelings. I hate this. It makes me resent her. While it's not a total lie, it's enough of a lie that continues to hurt. 

I dunno, I'm really just trying to come to peace with the fact that we will never have the relationship I have in my head and if I can't just accept that I'm going to spin here forever. It doesn't make a difference to me whether or not I can obtain this kind of relationship with someone else. I still have yet to meet another Brittany who is as in to me as I am her. So, my chances of finding another Ann seem slimmer. Maybe 10 years ago I'd be more incline to give it another shot. Pick up from the bottom heading up. Now I'm just sad all of the time. Well, enough of the time. I don't feel like writing songs about it. I really don't even feel like writing this because really there is no point. I'm not going to share this with anyone. I would consider sharing it with Ann, but since it's mostly about her and the fact that she won't give any sort of response to it besides 'oh, thats nice' or something equally as bland and neutral as most of her statements. It's not that I don't like the things she says, it's just that a lot of it doesn't really say anything. They're neutral statements. I think she tries too hard to be in the middle, which I can completely understand as for the longest time I did the same thing. And I think that's what she's trying to do with this relationship. Put it somewhere in the middle. I'm not really for this. So maybe at some point I will just ask her to get off the fence. Either we're partners and in this together or we're not and you're going to go it alone or look for someone else. If she says good bye then I can be at peace (although I'm sure the initial hurt will hurt) and I can end this without feeling guilty. 

I'm tired of her being on my mind every waking moment. I'm tired of my mind guessing about what she is doing every single moment. I dont care what she is doing now. I don't care. I hope she's happy and peaceful. 

So far I've had three items taken from me that were gifts from Ann and make it all the more irritating that someone took them. A tin with picks, a pair of socks and a flashlight. Since I consider everything I own a gift from Ann, I wonder what I should think about that. It's weird. In a sense I know she loves me, in another sense I know she doesn't. This is hard to reconcile. Also, this perceived game of having to 'start all over' with her is just too much. I'm taking it as slow as I know how and it seems to do more damage, to me, than I'd care for it to. 

I think if I spend more time focusing on this fact that our relationship will never be what I fantasize, the quicker I can get out of here. 
