Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2018-12-26T16:04:49-05:00

====== Wednesday 26 Dec 2018 ======

I dont know what to practice right now. I feel like I'm ready to jump off a ledge. I've set myself up for a huge rejection that will hurt like no other. I think no matter what I say, the only thing that stands in the mind of Ann is what she has seen. I don't know how to practice patience with this. It just hurts. Right now I'm typing this in a vain attempt to distract myself that I'm desperately waiting for a response from her. I hate this. I don't want to feel like this. I think/feel I'm in such a state of heartache that the despair stemming from this prevents me from making any sort attempt at connecting with other people. Every time I leave the shelter, the thought of going back sends along a rush of suicidal thinking. Ok, I can call a hotline now, and perhaps for //the moment// I'll be temporarily distracted. But what about after that? And then after that? It's endless and non-stop. Right now there is no "pastime" that would satisfy this very lonely feeling besides the company of someone like Ann or her herself. I don't understand why I feel this way. I just want to be normal. It hurts so much I just want to jump of building and blank. It doesn't matter what I want. What I want is meaningless. And this leaves me feeling conflicted. I think if I head back to that shelter tonight I will explode. I think no matter what I do it will never be good enough. There will never be enough time that passes that makes this ok again. Now I wish I didn't send that email, or so the thought rushes through. What difference will it make? I can't imagine the rejection I'll most likely receive will be any worse than what I'm dealing with right //now. //I'm hoping that Ann is aware that I'm just waiting for her, and I'm trying my best to not text her with an "are you coming?" because if I do that now that would be pointless. It's not like I have anywhere else I'd rather be. There is literally no place on this planet I want to be right now, so why not just wait? 

I hate it when music plays. I'm not trying to read into the messages of the world. As a matter of fact, quite the opposite. All the current song says is that the suffering will continue endlessly. 

Why do I assume I'll be rejected? 

Because I've seen and remember my behavior. And I don't understand how it could be forgivable to a point to grant me what I'm asking for. I don't think it's being too hard on myself. I'm still in favor of the opinion that I should kill myself because I almost killed Ann. And that I'll never be able to prove a negative to her. Right now I'm imagining her reading my email thinking 'oh this is the same old bullshit' and that I'll never be able to prove to her otherwise as right now I dont know what else I can do. Volunteer for what? No, I'm not going to make a commitment when I dont know what my state of mind will be like. Right now I've committed to a full time position at Tims to help with getting myself a living situation and to help Ann. Once that is assured (which right now it isn't) then I can allocate energy to such endeavors. Also, it doesn't make sense right now. I'm not going to do things like that with an expectation that if I do it, then something will happen. What I'd like to volunteer for is taking care of cats. Thats not for anyone else but me and the cats. Keeping a job will be difficult enough as it is. I've never been able to keep a job while in love. The love distracts me to a point where I was no longer able to see a point to a job. That is different now and I need to prove to myself first that I can do that. I'm not commiting to anything other than what I have on my plate currently. 

This was terrible. Too much. Ann told me to keep writing so here I am, continuing to write. I don't know why. I don't know. I feel like I'm going to explode. I'm going to go get a cheeseburger.  
