Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2018-12-27T11:59:44-05:00

====== Thursday 27 Dec 2018 ======

Trauma. 

Not particularly sure where to start, so I'll begin with the last 24 hours or so and the expierence of attacks of anxiety. 

Yesterday morning began with an intention. This intention was to perform a task to aquire funds intended for a transportation ticket so I can travel with my sister north to pick up the car that is currently being repaired. This task was important to me in that i acquire these funds without Ann having to be responsbile for providing funds. I was unable to complete this task due to what I perceived as a trivial technicality. I remember leaving the place quite angry at this and allowed myself to vent it out in the parking lot. I did realize however, that this obstacle was temporary and resolvable in a short amount of time. I still found myself thinking negatively. 

I remember thinking my next goal should be to try to meet up with Ann and instead of showing up angry, turning my mood around into something positive for her (us) to enjoy. An intention very important to me, as far too often I think, I used her skill as a sounding board to bounce of trivial negative energy instead of doing what I'd prefer to do; let the small stuff pass through and continue on with the day. After finding out she wasn't available I decided to redirect my energy into filling out an application for a job that will ideally help towards the goal of obtaining a sustainable living situation on my own. At this point in the day, while I was dearly missing my sister, I was not afraid of her abandonment.

To my surprise, I was offered a position on the spot. 

I am constantly overwhelmed when I think about Ann. 

It was a relief of a particular tension in my mind regarding obtaining, then holding down a job. It was bittersweet though as I wanted to shared my success and happiness with Ann, however, this cycle of getting a job then not following through with is a circumstance she has witnessed a number of times. Saying things like "oh this time is different" is not something I feel is right until it is proven. This one hurts a great deal because I've seen myself switch between these different mindsets so many times, where for example right now I'm firmly intending to show up, do my job and continue to do so until something better comes along. I'm fairly certain my usage of ampthemtines influcences these changing mindsets. Several times now, I found myself motivated to go get a job, then the next day while under the influence of amphetimines, find myself perfectly rationalizing that I have better things to do. When all the while I was slowly and systematically destroying not only my dream, but a shared dream I have with my dear sister. During this process, taking advantage of her care and kindness while I let dellusions control my actions which while a lot of the time well intended, were actually actions that lead to me hurting her on many levels. So then this defeating notion of time and the amount it will take to prove not only to myself, but to her as well, that I can do the things. It's not a matter of ability, I know this. I am fully capable of doing almost anything. I often allow this time of waiting get me down. Down to a point where I don't even need substances to slip into self-desctructive behavior. 

Getting back to what would eventually be a full blown anxiety attack, an attack which will use fear as a weapon to not only mask any good I perceive in this world, but fill that void will thoughts (that seem rational on the surface) of future failure, heartache, abandonment and a world without love. 

After completing a couple of miscellanous tasks, I stopped into a cafe and began working on a composition intended for my dear sister Ann. While I didn't notice at the moment, to my later surpise, I was able to work with a focus I used to think I could only do with the assistance of amphetimines. Even now, writing this, I feel focused. A bit distracted by all the things going on around me and in my mind, but still relatively focused as I continue an attempt to write out a chroniclogical, coherent account of my day. A day which contained within in it, a traumatic event that I'm still trying to process. 

After some time had passed (I'm tired now, and want to sleep) 

	I'm starting to become distracted again. This is frustrating. Which, is fine. I don't understand this obessession with these television shows of gore and violence. 
