Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2018-12-28T12:25:55-05:00

====== Friday 28 Dec 2018 ======

I think Doty is right, in that I would benefit still from some medication. To help narrow the focus. Today is especially nice. I have the pleasure of not really having anything to worry about for the day. I start job tomorrow morning, after which Ann and I are going to be spend a lovely day together. So, right now I'm just trying to focus? Not sure, as I don't have a particular direction. I usually (I think) have an urge to smoke right now when my brain feels 'idle' but I don't. I'm enjoying just sitting here appreciatating the fact that I don't have anything to worry about. I'm not being bombarded with thoughts of Ann not loving me and all that garbage. I feel safe and secure in myself and in love. I don't feel impatient. 24 hours from now doesn't seem like anything. I'm not trying to kill time until then, it's odd....damned odd.

I don't feel particularly creative. I don't feel particularly particular. I know I should probably go eat soon, but I'm not keen on leaving the current spot I'm in. I was hoping to absorb as much of this enviornment, the coffee shop, as much as possible. I find it enjoyable to just sit here and type aimlessly. 

Sometimes I think I read too much into what people are saying, and go off on an entirely unrelated opinion. Which, when I'm in a caffeniated state, may or may not actually be something I'm interested in doing. I suppose I do love giving my opinion on things, but it seems pointless to do so over things I don't actually care about. Then again, sometimes I think that deep down I do actually care about everything...which...is a tough on to explain. 

So, I think for today I'm not really going to concern myself with "accomplishing" anythihng in particular and just try to enjoy the freedom of worry for the time being. As well a warm muffin, in the past tense. 

I look foward to an oppurtunity to volunteer a cat shelter for homeless kitties. A bit disappointed realizing that's almost two months from now, and I would really enjoy the company of some cats right meow. Oh well, I'm sure in between now and then I can figure out something to get my kitten fix. 

