Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2019-01-02T12:51:49-05:00

====== Wednesday 02 Jan 2019 ======


I'm not sure why I'm bothering with this. Every day its the same thing. I suppose at the moment I don't have any faith in the "agreement" Ann and I have. Too many negative memories. What often bothers me is how much I miss her. At this point I'm not really interested in having any feelings for her. When she's not around, I feel sad. When she's around I feel enamored. I'm sick of sound. I'm sick of hearing everything. I'm sick of just sitting around waiting. I'm sick of repeative tasks. I'm sick of time. I have at least "two hours" to kill until Ann and I meet to, I dunno, discuss budgets I guess. Then I have to go back to that place and tolerate those people. I'm tired of ignorant narrow minded neanderthals. I'm sick of people not putting in an effort. All these things I say I "want" aren't actually things I want at all. What I want is nothing. What I want is to not exist. Of course I can't seem to do this, for one reason or another. Either I'm afraid of leaving Ann, or I'm afraid of something else. There's nothing I care to do right now. I don't want to go back to that place, because even if I did right now I wouldn't be able to sleep anyway. Time has stopped. It will crawl until Ann gets here, which at this rate of feeling will be days. I'm so tired of this. Now I have to wait for a charger, otherwise if I go back and this thing dies, I will probably be late for work tomorrow which is something I dont want to do. I'm tired of people being shitty. I'm tired of absorbing their bullshit. I'm tired of people being loud and stupid. I'm tired of being talked over. People who think that just because they talk more and louder that they're right, all the while leaving their tiny little brains closed to any information. Then they sit there and blame the rest of the world for their problems. I'm tired of relating to this. I'm tired of thinking that I have to help them somehow. The rest of the worlds ingorance is not my fucking problem. 

Right now I'm really not looking forward to seeing Ann. I don't like how I feel about her, because it's not on the same level. I wish I could just wake up one day and forget she even exists. It's constant heartache. So, what am I doing making plans to live with her again? Of course, I'm sure somewhere in the back of my mind I'm hoping things will change. Which, of course the only thing she was able to say with any feeling is that she doesn't feel the same way about me. She doesn't say anything else with any sort of emotional conviction except for that. I'm sure in a another universe we would make good partners. Not this one though. My interest in being attached to somebody who doesn't feel the same way about me as I do her is not good for me. Is this suppose to teach me something? Who knows. 
If so, I'm not interested. I'm more interested in not existing the perpetually feeling heartbroken over someone who couldn't care less whether or not I lived or not. She just wants to push me away. She only wants to hang out when she feels like it. I don't really trust her in the sense that she withholds so much information, I never know what the true story is. She acts like she is so "enlightended" but when I push her on the issues that really matter, she all of a sudden turns into a default world person with tiny, narrow minded, conditioned "ideas". She's weak. Or so she acts like it. She (her ego) talks a big game, but when it comes to proving it, she just goes to sleep. She just sits there in silence. I'm so tired of trying to talk to her when she just sits there in silence. She made me sit outside in the cold for hours while just staring off into space and all she can say is "i have no words". Fuck you Ann. That's a bunch of shit and you know it. You never shut up when its something you think can preach about, but when someone questions your actions, you just sit there like a sack of shit. Never taking any time to acknowledge the fact that you do very little of what you preach. Then, like a lot of people, you blame the rest of the world for you problems. You'll sit there and constantly bring up the past, and even when youre told that because of your words and actions, a problem resulted, you'll sit there and say nothing because your arrogance prevents you from acknowleding that "consequences" where partly your fault. Then you apparently convince yourself that you want to be alone, and that its your choice to be alone. It isn't. You're alone because anyone who really gets to know you can see right through your bullshit and wants nothting to do with you. The only reason I'm still around is because I happen to know the reasons for the way you are. And I feel sorry for you. 

If she were to read this right now, you know what her reaction would be? Nothing. She'd just sit there and say nothing. No defense, no reasons given, no nothing. She'll sit there and be selfish. 

Now I really dont want to see her. She's going to either come here and be difficult or not come here at all. I can see where this is going. Everything I try to do will be met with resistance. Eventually I'll become so frustrated that I'll lose it. Not sure what this is suppose to accomplish. This must be hell, which means I'll be here forever no matter what I do. 

I'm tired of having to undo years of poor training. 

I wish I could think of a sufficent way to kill myself. I'd rather take the risk of whatever happens after the body fuctions are terminated than continue to go through every single day. Eventually I will be locked up in a prision or a hospital. Which makes doing anything I'm doing now pointless. One by one things will just stop working. One by one, each person will enage me and attempt to control me. I'll eventually run out of money, unable to acquire food. I don't know why nor do I care why. I'd rather just die than have any other action on my conscience. I'm tired of words. My near future consists of interacting with an object that I don't really care to deal with, then making my body "traverse" a distance to another place with a bunch of even less pleasants objects. Then I get to do this all over again tomorrow, and the day after and the day after and the day after. All with this clearly pointless 'hope' that some day something good will come of out. I don't believe this because things just keep getting worse regardless of what I do. There's nothing I can do here that will make things any better. 

I don't know how to get access to a rooftop from a building that's high enough. The idea of jumping from an over pass seems to leave too much room for survivial. I don't have a car or a garage. I dont have money for heroin, nor do I know where to get some that is reliable. Hanging myself leaves too much room for thought. The more I think about it, the less inclined I am to go through with it. I don't know. As far as Ann is concerned, if I disappeared now, she'd just shrug her shoulders and go about her day. So I don't really know why I'm concerned about how she'd feel about it. 

So now of course, I have to sit here and go through the idea that now the only reasons I'm still engaging with her in an agreement is that I need her. Which, at this point is probably true. Of course I also think it's easier to do things with two people, and I'm tired of renting rooms from strangers. She is a good partner in a lot of ways, but of course the way I feel about her gets in the way of this. And I don't want to leave her, because that feeling also leaves me feeling shitty. So no matter what I lose. So I might as well take advantage of the fact that she seems willing to engage in a mutually benefical partnership. Besides the point of anything, I'm right about what I said to her the other day. She'll never achive her dreams by living a complacent lifestyle, holing herself up in her room, shutting herself off. She's taken no steps, that she's told me about anyway, towards anything. So of course I feel compelled to assist in this matter. I dont have a dream. I never have. I go along with ideas that I absorb, simply because I'm here. I have no choice. 

I'm too much in love with you. And despite my best intentions I cannot reconcile this. This creates a very deep conflict which breaks my heart, and constantly leaves me in a state of despair. I'm so in love with you that no matter where I go, I am constantly reminded of you, which only reopens the wound over and over and over. And remember that it took many moons to get over Brittany and Lisa, the idea that 'time heals all wounds' is a lost concept on me. I dunno. I could go somewhere else and survive. What's the point in that? I cannot hold onto any faith that its for a good reason. My dreams convince me that this is some sort of game. Which really bothers me. I don't like this idea given how serious this all seems. I'll never figure this out. It's too much for me, and I don't have the strengh anymore. All I can do is continue to tred water, going through the motions. I can't help how I feel about her. I certainly don't want to go through this again. I'm not interested in going through the whole process of getting to know someone else. I'm not interested in having to constantly worry about someone else. I dunno. It bothers me that at the same time I think that living with Ann again is a good and bad idea. 

| pro                             <| con                                                    <|
|:---------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------|
| someone to share the load with   | constant heartache                                      |
| a pleasure to be around          | not good in a crisis                                    |
| many similar interests and goals | constant disappointment hoping her feelings will change |
| willing to go along with ideas   |                                                         |


The pro/con list will end up with more pros than cons. One thing a list doesn't highlight though, is the fact that "constant heartache" should probably be counted for more than "one item". this distracts me. it hurts, so then I have to constantly finding coping mechinisms. This is stressful. This constant stress affects my mood. My ability to do the things I want to do. Granted, I don't know how much of my mood right now would be affected with a decent meal. Of course this isn't something I can have today. I don't know. We'll see. 

The physical attraction part frustrates greatly. I dont know how to overcome this. I remember asking her "do you want to solve this permenatly" and she replied "full penetration" as if she was willing to do it. Of course I replied with "let me video tape what we're doing" With the mindset that full penetration would be wrong in some sort of way. Now I'm not so sure. I really don't know. I think it wouldn't because that wouldn't stop her from being attractive to me. Then again, I can't say why it wouldn't work. So now I have an idea about asking her about this, go find a bathroom somewhere and just do it. 

I dont know how to solve this. I can't seem to be able to quash this nagging bullshit in my head. 

My memories of doing anything in the future, in other words, things I want to do in the future, which are things I've already done, done seem desirable because of the bad memories associated with the past things. Even though I do remember, only after thinking about the bad, the good parts that if I can just somehow manage the bad to a point where it's minor, the things are worth doing. 

I still worry about my physical attraction to Ann. After hearing 'no' to the idea, I had to spend a lot of attention and energy fighting these nasty, destructive emotional parts of my brain that have always sucked away any motivation I have about doing anything for the future. I was able to move on from it, but even as we talked, after I had changed the thoughts, the thoughts still nag at me from the back of the mind. Now my brain wants to convince me that it isn't the right time and the idea will eventually come to fruition. Which frustrates me because I dont believe this, but at the same time I do. Then I suppose it's a matter of time or patience. I feel like I'm being pretty patient now, but I know that at some point that patience, which seems to only come in limited amounts, or only has so much in the tank, will go dry and the frustration will creep back in, leading me down destructive paths of behavior. I don't know how to stop this. I don't know how to turn this off. This notion, then leads to the idea that I don't want to exist. Right now I don't know if I do or I don't. I'm bored with this. I don't know how to make Ann neutrally atttrative. 

