Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2019-01-09T01:54:25-05:00

====== Wednesday 09 Jan 2019 ======

While I drink my relatively weak "sock coffee" I wonder...

As usual, my thoughts mostly revolve around Ann as I continue to debate endlessly whether or not this is ok. I feel ok at the moment. A little below ok, but thats to be expected given my environment. I find I spend a lot of effort and energy debating in my head these paranoid thoughts. Thoughts that mostly involve something negative in relation to Ann. Constantly, it seems, debating whether or not she means what she says or making assumptions about what she isn't telling me. 

Its 2am. I have to be at my job at 6am. Despite my misgivings, I'd really like to make this work. Well, continue to work, as despite the fact that it takes a lot out of me, things are going ok at the high speed coffee shop. So many disagreements I have with the system I currently operate in. I realize I'm not suppose to like it, but have patience with it. Of course, with so much riding on my living situation and the job, I think I have to just be submissive. Which, isn't my favorite. For right now though, I'm going to be. Or at least try my best. As I'm fairly certain the best course of action towards getting what I want, isn't complaining indignantly about how "fucked up" the system is. I'm not sure why though at this point. I just hope it's teaching me...something. 

Time is really dragging. I'm resisting the urge to leave the shelter for the day as it is cold out and there really isn't anywhere within walking distance that I know about to go "chill". So it would be a lot of spent energy walking, which I'm really not in favor of. 

I struggle with how I perceive Ann. As the debate continues; part of me thinks it's unhealthy to remain in a relationship where I have more "feeling" than her. Which, remembering the moment in the bowling alley where I wanted to affectionately rub her back, but resisted knowing she would not appreciate nor reciprocate, wasn't that that bad. When we are separated though, this notion of thought hammers at my well being. I accost myself (I think?) for holding out this hope that something will change if I change. So, the problem here is, how am I different than before? And if I'm not different now, then when? If I am different now, then does that mean I'm at my "best"? Which, even being at my best, still isn't good enough, then what? How will I ever know I'm at my best? 

I worry that Ann only "agreed" to a co-habitation partnership to get me off her back. She doesn't have the best track record with this (agreeing to things out of fear, which I do understand but hurts me as the last thing I ever really try to do is to a purveyor of fear) and I'm getting slightly annoyed at a memory I have that she relayed to me from a different point of view. It annoys me that just because I wasn't all "gee shucks" and vented at her some of my disappointments, and did my best without precise memory, to point out to her that some of the things she accosted me for where a) a result of the mirror effect (as in, you get what you give so blame really is never a good option) and b) things which she does too but never bothers to take time to acknowledge. Or maybe she does but just doesn't share with me. This bothers me, because I think I've worked extremely hard towards acknowledging my faults and poor behaviors and I guess for some reason I expect this out of her. Being that she likes to play the role of the teacher. This frustrates me. I'm fully aware she isn't perfect and doesn't deserve to be put on a pedestal. It doesn't matter to me though. My memories dictate that the good outweighs the bad by far. She helps me. She gets me. I try to help her, I try to understand her. She claims she isn't as verbose as I am when I know that isn't true. I've listened to her talk endlessly about so many things, but when it comes to deep inner feelings, I know she's just afraid of being vulnerable. Which, I do not understand at all at this point in our relationship. Since we met, I've gone from not being able to say a word, to being able to articulate exactly what's going on in my head. I tense up. I suppose this is point where I grow a sense of pointlessness as I know she already knows this. I just want to move on. 

So I do explore the notion that she already knows this because she shares a brain with me? Therefore making it unnecessary for me to be frustrated with her relative few words on her thoughts and feelings. Besides, now that I'm thinking about it I'm not sure what I'm expecting anyway. 

The brain loves to distract me with this notion of "taking off". Just to be clear, let's recap. Out of all the experiences I've had in my life, one was by far the most fulfilling, satisfying and overall the best. That was sharing a house with Ann. And the reason why I want to do it again, is because there are so many things I'd like to do better. Put all the pieces together so to speak. Have our "inn" within the "compound". Invite guests, decorate, make food, etc etc etc. We can travel together. Or separately, either way. A life on the road, by myself, is not what I want. I'm living a life on the road for the most part right now, and it is exhausting. Half the day is being concerned with what to eat. The other half a safe place to rest. Granted, I'm still unclear about the actual required amount of rest I need and how often I should sleep. Being back on amphetamines makes sleep seem...less necessary than without. It seems to be required at some point, but I'm never sure what is optimal because in reality I have no idea what optimal even is. 

I guess it would be nice to get over this notion that Ann needs my help somehow. She clearly doesn't need it and clearly doesn't want it. This is the point where I begin to resent Andrea for what she really is; which, can't really be put into words...but it goes beyond the life I experience. Apparently I'm a newly recycled soul, I guess. Meaning; I'll always be the subordinate in our relationship. I've never been a fan of this whole "master" "student" labeling. It's quite clear though I'm on the outside looking in, so to speak. Or that everyone here knows something I don't. I'm clearly the one who "doesn't get it". I guess this frustrates the ego. I've always thought of myself as fairly intelligent. I'm not sure why I used to think I was "probably one of the smartest people on the planet." I suppose that was just my ego stroking itself. Of course it seemed like no one knew what they were talking about it...for what purpose, I'm not sure, I just know "acting" is something I've grown used to I guess. "contrived scenarios" designed in one way or another. I still can't tell if a) the entire fishbowl is like this or b) there's the ability to just cluster around me so from my point of view it just seems like everyone. This is probably why I'm more inclined to volunteer for cats than I am humans. I'm tested enough by just living, I'm not really trying to go out of my way much more than that. Which isn't entirely true, as I most definitely go well out of my way quite often to help. Not sure why the brain feels the need to pummel me with such an insecure complex. Not that I would, but I would be so bold in saying that I could just lay down now and do nothing until I die and feel completely satisfied with the amount of effort Ive put in here. 

From now on I'm just going to disengage from the negative. Tolerate it as best I can. Granted this is easier said than done. For example today at the job I'm sure I'll have to tolerate an enumerable amount of absurd behaviors and statements. I'm so tired of people's tone of voice. It really isn't that hard to be polite, it really isn't. I do wonder though, how long I will tolerate being controlled for the sake of Ann. Right now, Im really just having faith that if I do, one day she'll be affectionate with me. Although right now, I'm not sure what I'm so grateful for as this seems part of the plan (as in teachers aren't generally thankful of students and vice versa, as that is just part of the picture; don't ask me where I get this from its the same thing when iat thanked me for picking up my bedding and I replied "of course"...as in; how else would it go? I don't know, a lot of this should just be a given and doesn't need to be fussed over). She did say to thank her I just need to keep showing up at high speed coffee shop so that's what I'll do. Of course I worry this will be pointless and ultimately just end up frustrating then hurting me. I think this is because I don't know the "end game". When is enough enough? How exactly, precisely "patient" do I have to be? I can never tell if Ive been patient or not. Not getting overly upset? Well, sometimes I'm not patient but I think generally speaking I am. I dunno. I've lost my point I suppose. 

My main question; when does Ann stop being such a focal point in my life? What do I have to do? I could ask her to fund me getting out west. I could go do what I'm doing now somewhere else. How long was it until I go over Brittany? Which...isn't the same thing now obviously, but the point is, if I do that, is just a matter of time? I don't think so. I haven't seen Brittany in many years. What if I saw her tomorrow? Would I have feelings for her? I would bet I do. Which is to say, time and distance won't solve what I'm asking, I think. To be fair I haven't really tried with Ann. Brittany left me, and I had no choice but to accept it. This time, Ann won't leave me (so it seems) and I would then have to leave her. Which, I'm quite against. If I ventured out and found a group of people to hang out with, Id be willing to bet it wouldn't take long to put Ann in the back of my mind. The really fucking stupid part, is that  it seems she wants that, for me to go and find new people to be around. I know somewhere I hang on to this notion that she needs me for something. She doesn't. She never has. And of course I want her to need me. This will eventually hurt if I dwell on it long enough. Then of course I consider how walled up she is. The trauma she must have suffered is deep and getting close to her is difficult. She's just as guarded as I am to the rest of the world. 

And now starts the point where I become annoyed at the fact that I have to leave for job soonish. A job which...I dunno. Bores me. 

So, while it might not be as exciting as composing...I have my motivation and my happy pills. While I can't quite puzzle out how I'll resolve my conflicting feelings toward Ann, I do know that I want to be a good partner for her. I also believe that I'm suppose to feel how I feel right now and its taken me many iterations to be at an "ok" place. My goal is continue to do what I'm doing in hopes that my request to the universe for this position at Franklin U as Linux Systems Admin will happen. Of course knowing that if it doesn't, to try not to be too frustrated and just keep looking for something similar. I don't expect anything. I just hope is all. If Ann goes and gets the car herself, that will be ok. I just ask that she be honest and assert what she wants without being afraid of me. Same with the living situation. I hope she meant it when she said "its a deal". I believe she did, which why I hope she does, as I think it would hurt tremendously. However, given how I was able to conquer my most recent "panic attacks", I don't worry as much that the world would end. As far as my romantic inclinations towards her...well, if things can continue to progress, one day we'll be naked together with the added pleasure of a second set of boobs in the mix. If she decides that she's attracted to another man one day, that will also hurt tremendously but again, I've proven to myself that I can get past it. I'll have horribly uncomfortable feelings, but if I can just get away, I can cry, yell, hit pillows or do whatever I need to do to get the negative energy out without hurting anyone. I just hope she's honest with me. That's really the only thing I am afraid of...which, I dunno. I don't think there's much I can do about that. Oh, I guess I keep forgetting she does love me. It's very hard for me to comprehend, but she does. I don't have to be perfect. I think the way I handled it when she told me about the whole car finance situation was the best that I could do. End the conversation, walk away, regroup, then explain my feelings later. It would not be something I would enjoy at all if I came to find out that even this would make her reluctant to tell me anything. If I'm not allowed to be frustrated or if she expects zen like mastery over every feeling I get, then I think that expectation is unreasonable for someone like me and she needs to accept that. The fact she expresses frustration by staying silent isn't something I care for either, but I'm willing to accept that part of her. I just hope she sees it that way. I've done my best to point out to her that acceptance is a two way street, and I really hope I'm just telling her something she already knows because I have to say, she hasn't given me a lot of confidence that she understands this. 


-----

3pm

At the moment I think I feel a bit anxious. There may not be a correlation but I think it started when I was looking at porno in a public place. The heart started racing a bit. A bit elevated now. This is a familar feeling. This is a bit confusing. After having a self talk session outside that I feel was rather coherent, I'm observing that I seem sharp. While I pronounced quite a few number of words outloud, the main point of what I was getting at is that I think at this point, I'm able to handle adverse conditions. While I certainly don't look forward to them, I am able to handle when things go wrong. Which means, fear should not provoke me to act in such irrational ways. Being able to spot paranoid thinking will be a key habit to work on in the near future. I believe it was partly paranoid, insecure thinking that lead me into a state of panic that resulted in my action of going over to Ann's house. I did not want to do that, and by the time I arrived there I had totally forgot why I even was so fervert on the action. I ended up staying because the bus ride situation for some reason seemed daunting, which that part I do blame on alochol as I think between that and walking around in the rain, my body just did not feel that great. I just wanted to lay down. Going back yet again to the notion that "I know too much for my own good"..It's not that I don't agree with how I perceive things, its really more the facts that a) me getting overly upset does not change negative scernerios to my favor and b) eventually I'll be able to figure how to turn those events into my favor, which does not mean getting what I necessary "want" as the first idea that comes to mind. I feel like my ego is better able to handle what I often view as offensive treatment. 

Work was great today. "You have been so kind to me she said". Marylin. Who had a rather severe stress episode today, that resulted in her feeling backed into a corner, therefore, and rationally so, defending herself with an intensely emotional reaction. I missed the initial provcation, but apparently she did something I often ( and correctly do ) which is perceive certain input as hostile, in this case she perceived her core beliefs were being mocked. Manager guy doesn't seem to understand how hostile he comes off to certain people. I pretend to accept and go along with it, but I don't approve of how the others talk to each other. Granted, today they didnt have the benefits of the substances I have access to, in other words I'm trying to give them the benefit of the doubt in that I had help today being extra cheerful. Anywho, I hesitate to describe her specific reaction as hers manifested in this sort of christain  based religious, almost pagan "outburst" Where she ended one of her sentences in what I can only describe as "speaking in tongues"...she did claim the power of god and the spirit of christ overcame her and I think I remember right when she meant to convey being "possessed" as it were. I believe her. Her words are different, but I'm sure I can compare and relate somehow. Regardless, she was/is stressed. The environment we work in is stressful "as fuck". Hurry up hurry hurry. Constantly loud beeping noises. It is a combo of "fast paced" and just plain chaotic, especially when no recongizes that the fast paced flow breaks down after a few hours because positions aren't being shiftted around and nutrients need to be had. Anyway, I hope nothing adverse happens to her. Her behavior, was seemingly looked upon in the classic american way "oh wow, shes crazy..." that kind of talk. This is the second time she has shrieked in the store, the first time being when she accidently stabbed her hand on a sharp edge while reaching for something. Based on how I percieve the micro manager, I can see how she would be asked to leave because her "behavior was not up to standards..." having recently been asked to leave a restaurant due to my less than happy disposition (extremely stressed out). I would take great offense to the notion of any reprecussion. My immediate thoughts and problem is the fact that I don't know where to begin with the long list of environmental variables that are "wrong". This is a microcasim(? right word? ) of the entire culture/society as I see it. 

So, for now I have to let it go. I will only say what I say if I can do it in a calm and constructive manner. I'm not going to pull a whole "this is bullshit!" and storm out, fucking myself. I will however, if I can, articulate the fact that stress is the cause of her behavior and as fellow human beings we should be a) seeking to understand and relate and b) fucking help. I guess I take for granted my trainig or this is part of the training, as no one else seem to do much except spout scripted reponses....acting like the saw the infamous six headed chicken walk by. Granted, I may have missed something but she left alone. As I try to redirect my focus away from what other people do and focus more on myself, the more important piece to my puzzle. ☺ 

I dunno, I thought for sure today was going to be the today. I like how the memory of accosting seemed to escape the manager person. I realize that he might not know what he's doing, in that he isn't aware of how bitchy and hostile he comes off as. Apparently I need to redefine my meaning of "yelling". Anywho...


@pi @tims

possibly; 

https://blog.dataplicity.com/how-to-build-a-raspberry-pi-thermometer-you-can-access-anywhere-a-beginner-s-guide-4ad44ce9f4c9

https://www.westfloridacomponents.com/blog/raspberry-pi-temperature-monitor-alarm-project/


The increase in snow and drop in temperature is starting to stress me out. I know Ann doesn't like to be out in this weather and it sucks I kind of need her to. Oh well. I'm stopping the thought there. We all knew this would take time. I've done the best the can.

Maybe thats part of the reason I wish Ann needed me and called on me for things...she understandably doesn't as obviously I've been unable to take care of myself for many years now. I really dislike how I perceive text messaging. I wonder if the anxiousness is impatience...

I think maybe my last actual real (as in, not paranoia) concern is that Ann holds back feeling and concern. I need to let her know she can tell me anything and not receive negative backlash. 

"Ann, so regarding our agreement...the "deal"...if you have any misgivings about this, or aren't telling me details of your thoughts because you're afraid how I will react, I need you to write these things down then call me and tell me. I need to ensure that no longer do you not share with me thoughts and feelings based on the fact that you're afraid how I'll react. We won't be able to grow if this continues. I need to be able to handle things I may not want to hear..." Is this paranoia feeding this? wasn't I very convinced and satisfyed with Ann's "its a deal" at the end of our talks last week? Right, initially her answers about believing and trusting me were obviously forced ( which is what i'm fucking talking about, if she didnt mean yes then she sholdnt have had said yes...jesus. 

"so, i know we came to an "agreement" regarding the whole co-habitation thing....so, at perhaps a less stressful moment in time, I'll ask you...how do you really feel about it and what do you want to do? before you answer, if you're not going to be 100% honest because you're afraid of how I'll react, then we can end the conversation now and I want you to write it down and call me later and you can tell me over the phone. Whatever you need to do to feel safe telling me the whole truth with all the of details, messy or not." I dont want to force upon you something I want and I don't want you to accept unless you are wholly into it. " Again, I think this is insecurity talking. 

I'll try to gauge her reaction when I talk abbout the villas. 

I think I might be getting better with "texting". Which may end up being a problem that solves itself. If I'm negative, then I perceive negative. If I can continue practice in being positive, then I'll perceive positive. Just have to have patience. I need to stop texting so much. If I have trouble with tone, then Ann might too... 


-------------

9pm

Not so much attempting to focus, but more or less marinate on the concept of focus. To be mostly detached from the conversations around me. The idea of being able to do this is kind of nice actually. Soo really, for the next few minutes this will really just be an exercise in a sort of patience. Its a fine line between paranoia and practical awareness of the surroundings. Its difficult though when the perception of the surroundings changes constantly...Id rather not have to "distrust" anyone. All that energy...

Time spent with Ann today....:) remarkably ok. The nice thing about a schedule is that I dont really have to wworry about "whats next". technically, i could just sit here until 4am. Really, more an exercise in being comfortable. Which, will take time. But so far ok. I can sense a swirling backlog of residual brainpan grit, a lot of ideas and ... things I care not to spend energy labeling, as thats an endless rabbit hole which isn't necessary to dig into. 

11pm

Just trying to...perhaps analyze how I perceive people and their tone. I understand there is a certain way to mop, but right now that isn't the thing for me to be doing. Sort of a chaotic focus? I dunno. Really, I'm just trying not to be offended I think. It's no big deal. I think handling the adverse situation with sort of a dumbed down, more folksy version of myself wasn't a bad way to go. Yes, I do outright lie to people sometimes and will continue to do so until I can believe that the words I would mean to say, that is accurate would be taken and understood. This is merely an attempt to avoid conflict, for both sides. So no, I don't feel anything about that. At that moment I had no way of explaining what I was doing and I think that hearing that people become frustrated which usually is seed for a negative feedback loop. Why not give them something simple and harmless to try to relate? It's difficult to classify, as I had to go back on my once given notion of "good lies" vs "bad lies". I didn't take pleasure nor enjoyment out of it, but I also feel I have a good enough sense of judgement to understand what is hurtful and what is not. Usually, when I tell the "dumb" lie, I'll eventually just admit what I was doing and that works itself out. At first I thought I was going to be "pissed" if she'd make me get up and leave the area. But after thinking about it for a moment, my alternative was/is just fine. My heart started racing. She wasnt wrong I guess, but what she was looking for and what I were going for were at odds. I was concerned with the big spills, the obvious food stains, drink stains etc...as a professional cleaner, her standards were much higher than mine would be. I suppose its the same as that look of fake disgust I must get when I see someone's windows desktop full of cluttered icons. As usual, what I do take exception with is; a) the look on the face, turned into a frown with furrowed eyebrows b) shaking of the head or in other words, outward displays of disappointment....which for some reason I care about. I also seem to take for granted I have a certain piece of knowledge in that there is no one right way to do anything. I often encounter people who think and outwardly project there is only one way, and that is automatically the best way. I'm not judging, I can understand that. However, no one here (that i can recall) displays any set of characteristics that make me go "oh, yeah, I'll follow them.." Shit. Am I beginning to hold myself up to my own standards? 

Well, I think I'm spacing the pills out effeciently enough. Today with Ann was completely comfortable. I love it when she talks to me...which yeah...she was talking to me. During our walk, some time without words passed and she talks. "well.." or something like that she'll say...the habit of sharing self analzying is hard to break, and I really feel the self consciousness when I do it, so I hope that fades over time. It was a delight to be able to make her laugh on numerous occasions. Then of course came our good bye hug where I will usually tell her "i love you" usually met with a 'love ya brother' which of course is just a way of saying the same thing, but this time she said it first and used the words love and you. Then we parted ways. Right now how I smell isn't my biggest concern and if someone does have enough of an offense to say something to me, I wont be embarressed. I'll just move that up the list. Anyway. When I first had the inclination to part ways at the gas station but instead suggested I walk back with her, with honest intention that I had energy to burn anyway and that I enjoy a good walk...she accepted in the sense that she was enjoying company as much as I was. I was able to ensure our agreement wasn't a result of my intensity and she did acknowledged something I've been worried that she wouldn't notice. She has noticed I've been getting better. And because of what I've been able to show and say to her, she is interested in co-habitation. When I mentioned the two bedroom townhouse, her demonor was that of cooperation and particpation. I remember eariler in the day, that her inerest wasn't geniune and it would end up as me just going through the motions of locating a place with her only biding her time until a  "good moment" came up to "change her mind"...She agreed the rent for the townhome was reasonable and seemed confident we can do it. I'm going to make a point, which right now I think will be easy actually, to only text her the time of an appt I will attempt to make to view a place at the villas this weekend. So, today, the time spent with Ann, //should// quash any misgivings I have about the relationship. I can continue to do my thing and not worry all the time that she'll stop loving me for this. I forget what she said but I was able to pick up on her statement indicating she did in fact want to go pick up the car by herself, at which point I had relayed my understanding that it wasn't such a big deal we go together, which prompted her immediately to share the comment a coworker made about needing some "sacred time". Which even as I wrote that, I could sense this odd sense of jeolousy? That Ann mustve been "complaining" about me. And that she was takinng advice from someone else. So what? So what if, she consulted someone she trusts with a predictament, as Ann did say she could see benefits to doing both. I was able to give her a sense of relief that she no longer had to make a decison that one or the other may not be entirely in favor of. And the best part is, I mean it. I'm hoping this gives her an even better feeling about our relationship. 

Today I'm not going to pay much attention to the waxing and waning of my moods. Instead I'm just going to continue to focus on showing up to work and doing that job. As far as the car thing is concerned a) i get to make her some cds, which will delight me as I enjoy picturing her beboping down the road with something I was able to share with her. b) I probably wont even notice she's gone and when she comes back, she'll probably come pick up me and we'll go hang out. 

Feeling inactive at the moment. Which, there's nothing wrong with that. Despite my relative boredom, I have to keep in mind that if I can maintain what I have going under my current conditions, the habits will be formed //more?// thouroughly. So I believe. I would like to think that Ann would tell me otherwise. I should just be enjoying the visuals. ☺

