Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2019-01-15T15:59:33-05:00

====== Tuesday 15 Jan 2019 ======
 After spending most of my day crying by myself, I'm concerned by Ann's expressed intention of trying to process her emotions by herself. It was only when I was around someone else where 

Now I sit and anticpiate rejection. I was ok with Ann going up to get the car until today. this is very frustrating because now, this has to do with a notion I have about Ann and I processing trauma together as opposed to doing it separately. Which, I'm exhausted. I'd rather be in bed. I'd rather be in bed. Instead, I have to continue to feel very comfortable and somehow occupy myself for many hours. Risking my sense of security and inviting fear to come in and leaving myself vulnerable to hurt. Why am I putting myself in the position? I can't help it. I know I'll be less than ok but I'm used to being a little less than ok, so it's not the end of the world. What will eat at me now, is that I believe what I'm saying when I say that Ann needs to learn to process emotions as a team rather than alone. I dont have any confidence that she respects me enough to take my advice. We had agreed to go together until she made a statement that indictated she wanted to do it alone. At the time, with the current thoughts in my head, I was of the position that I wanted to give her that space she was requesting and was happy to do so. it wasn't until today that i "remembered" my position on the issue and now I'm anticpating being rather upset at the possibility that I wont be able to change her mind. I want to change her mind because I think it's for the best. which is probably stupid of me since i know she doesnt need my help. 

which, when i consider that, all interest in doinng anything is lost. and i will have to spend a very long tine very uncomfortable and that tension that takes over my body. that feeling that makes me wail. this feeling that makes me want to die. i cant get into anything musical right now as I dont play well when i'm upset and that makes things worse. this is why im banging away on a keybaord right now and not doing something else. when i start to do anything i just receive this very unpleasant feeling which distracts, then frustrates then repeats. and instead of having a partner to talk to ,i just have to deal with it alone. and i wont be able to stop this alone. i dunno. im so used to being rejected that i cant expect anything else. im not able to stop being frustrated
i thought a warm meal would make me feel better. it didnt. 

i resent ann for ignoring me. im trying to help and she just pushes me away making me feel fucking terrible. im so fucking frustrated that i cant do anything and i just want to jump off a roof

this will never end
i need to figure out how to get away from her. she is terrible for me


she disappoints me once again by igoring me. there's nothing i can do about it. this is the only thing i can do. that is sit here and feel terrible. i cannot just sit around and do nothing. why cant i just forget about her? she is not good for me. she is disrespectful. i dont get it. i dont want to love her. i dont want to depend on her. but i've been forced to be in a positionn to do so and it's called "help". well, its not helping. i dont care to help. id rather just not exist. i dont want anything. i dont want this. anything. i'll say it until i die, i dont care about the "good" stuff. keep it. i dont want it. 



----
After falling asleep for a bit I woke up feeling...nervous i guess. Currently waiting for Ann to arrive with no idea about what's going to happen. She didnt acknowledge any of my messages regarding us taking this trip together, she texted something in a positive way though which makes me wonder. She didn't confirm nor deny. I'm hopinng that when she gets here she'll acknowledge this somehow. I dont know what to expect and I'll know it'll be ok. Worst case scenerio is that i'll see her tomorrow. I would like for us to take this trip together because i just dont think we should do things like this alone. I have a difficult time processing that she would want to do this alone. I feel like we are alone/separated more often than not. I know that I'll most likely be frustrated if she insists she go it alone. I just hope I wont be upset with her. I have this surging energy going on inside of me right now. I wish I could practice just haning out comfortably with her. Part of the reason I was so disappointed yesterday was that I wanted to practice hanging out with her. A nice long car trip would help. I used to hate being in the car with her because I felt like i had to say things to keep her happy. Id rather practice playing tunes for her. I dunno. Right now I dont have anything else to think about. if i'm being honest, i wish she'd just show up and say heres your ticket brother. thanks for coming with me. which comes from the other night when she thanked me every 20 seconds it seemed for hanging out. i didnt understand that. of course. i really do believe that i need more practice in hanging out with her than i do being disappointed and having to "suck it up" and "let her go". and right now i find odd, my mood that is. i cant imagine being upset with her if she says she doesnt want me to go with her. this is different somehow than eariler...i was really upset eariler. I find it odd that I wasn't upset that she didnt acknowledge my texts. yay. she's here. 
