Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2019-01-17T16:31:36-05:00

====== Thursday 17 Jan 2019 ======

I dont want to be here. I dont want to be waiting here until Ann gets here. So why am I? Well, of course while I was in bed all day she tried contacting me several times. Of course I wasn't able to respond. This has really bothered me all day and I dont know why. I contact her all the time and she doesn't respond and I still love her, and I still communciate with her. For some reason I think I missed this only oppurtunity where she asks me if I'm "up for a chat?". 

It might have something (or nothing, who knows) to do with the fact that she's only asked me to cuddle once and never again since. I often feel like if I"m not available for her that when she does need and/or want me and doesn't receive a reply that she'll go somewhere else next time. Of course I have no idea or way of knowing this. This breaks my heart and leaves me feeling very distraught. Of course I figure that she'll never ask me again to talk. She'll never try to contact me because I wasn't there. So I sit here. Very uncomfortable, tired, achey, my feet feel gross. I feel gross. ...

I dont even want to see her. But now I have to. 
That's not true. I just don't want to see her when I feel like this. The problem is that I think I feel like this all of the time. I don't remember a time when I was ok with how I feel right now. I feel useless. I feel like ... i dunno. Im tired. I'm always tired. I can't manage stimulants so I'm always tired. I dont think I'll be able to manage this at all. I wont be able to live with Ann and be a good partner because of how I am. This makes me not want to go on living. I'll do nothing but sit around and wait for her but she'll never contact me like that again. I dont know why it wasn't until I was passed out for a day when she decided to contact me like...like someone who actually enjoys my presence would. instead its back to the way it was. and i dont know how to change that. i feel miserable. i dont want to be miserable. i dont have anything positive to contribute and i'm anxious or will be soon the closer the agree upon time arrives. And every second she isn't here past 830 I'll stress. Which is still a whole hour away. It's not like we'll even get any quality time in. She'll just drive me back to the shelter where I'm not going to want to part ways with her because I am so sick of that place. She just texted that she'll "see me in a bit" which I'm not sure what that means. it's an hour before I figured she'd be leaving. I dunno. i suppose this shouldn't channge anything. i'm afraid i'm going to be let go from job because i can't seem to keep it together on any given day. this of course is going to delay the attempt at finding a place to live because i can't hold down a job, as usual. just like the rest of my life. whats the fucking point? i obviously can't operate in an environment like that so why am i even bothering? like one day i'll just wake up and it'll all be ok? that's never been the case and i have no reason to believe that will ever happen. i can't focus on the mundane tasks required to hold down a job, which means i'll never be able to afford a place of my own or with ann which means i'll eventually have to learn to sleep outside, alone and in the cold. just spending my days, with the hours crawl waiting minute by minute for the next possibility for contact with ann, which at that point, i'll be so fucking stressed from not sleeping or eating well that our time together will be shit. i have no way out of this loop. it doesnt matter what i say or what i do, this is my future. this is my life. there is no help out there for me. i have to figure out a way to die. i have to let go of the notion that it will matter to ann at all if i die. i'm just another experiment. no one will miss me when i'm gone and no one needs my help. ann will get another potentional partner and they can do whatever it is they do. this lady comes to me in distress and felt nothing. i couldnt even flip the switch to be polite. what am i suppose to think about this? i dont feel very giving now. i dont feel anything except my stomach, as usual. fuck it. what is the point of caring at this point. right now i just need to focus on how i can get up the nerve to end this. otherwise i'm just going to keep suffering and make those around me miserable. i dont believe things will get better because they dont. every day its the same thing. i wake up. and unless i have things i cant get, i feel miserable. i cant communicate. i cant do anything. i just sit here by myself stuck. all i can even think about is ann and the next time we can be together. which of course is the loop im forever trapped in because there is no possible way for us to live togther. that part of my life is over and i can't move on. i get too confused by the messages she sends me. i'm still hurting from the messages she sent me yesterday when i was unreachable. i hurt from the fact that i missed my oppurtunity to be the one she calls and that will never come again. just like she'll never ask me to cuddle again. so whats the point. i dont know how to kill myself or else i would. none of the ideas i have will work because they involve too much thought. when i try to even get close, i back out because i hang on to this hope that someday something will change and it never does. its a cycle that just repeats. my whole life has been like this. waiting for something to change when i cant even change myself. i dont want to be in love anymore. but i cant get away from it. i cant leave her. because something always compells me to stay. i dont know what this is or what i can do about it. i just want to go to sleep and never wake up. i just want a heart attack or a brain something. i dunno. its getting closer to eight, i have no idea what time she actually texted me so i sit here expecting her to be here any moment when it's probably at least another hour before she does. who knows. i just want to get high, go to bed and not wake up. anywhere. i dont want to dream. i dont want to go somewhere else, i dont want anything. i just want nothingness. i just want to be put away. i just want nothing. why isn't this an option? i obviously cant handle this life or any other. i've said this a million times and it never gets any better. there are brief periods where things are ok but then it always circles back to this. i spend most of my time in hell. i wish i knew what i did to deserve this instead of just nothing. i have no idea who i really am or what im responsible for. i have no idea what i've actually done or what something else did. i cant take any credit for anything good or bad because i have no idea who the real me is or if there even is a real me. of course when i say this all my brain can give me credit for is the bad. 

i still want to tell her i'm sorry for not being reachable yesterday when several times throughout the day she was trying to communicate with me. this really hurts and i have no idea what to do about it. she wont appreciate it if i tell her how much it hurt to read all of those messasges this morning. how much it hurt to not be able to accept her offer at a ride this morning. how much it hurts to not be able to communicate with her. i'll never be able to express this in an articuale intelligible manner. i hate myself. i hate every thing about myself and i really hope i can figure out how to die soon. i'm only hoping that when i see her soon, something will change in me where i can be someone she wants to be around. i dont care about myself though, so how can i expect that? thats the problem, i'll never be able to love myself so how can i expect her to? so yeah, i think i have plenty of reasons to end my life. i cnt hold down a job. i cant take care of myself. i cant manage anything. i cant be patient. i cant focus on anything. i cant do anything. now of course i just get cold texts that say affirmative and other various robotic messages. i'm not looking forward to seeing ann soon. i'm going to be emotional and she's not going to care. she doesn't love me in that way. i just need to get out of here somehow. i just need to die. maybe i should just try the train. i let that one person get into my head about it, when all i need to do is be certain and careful. find a train that is going fast enough to ensure the job is completed. no backing out. no hesitiation. if mary can do it so can i. 
