Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2021-03-07T07:04:36-05:00

====== Sunday 07 Mar 2021 ======

Well, if I'm being tested in a simulation, wound't it make sense I wouldn't really be able
to tell the difference between staging -> production ? Ideally. 

Personall, I'd like to. It would develop my lack of smug satisfaction I think.

To "know" something someone else doesn't? Wouldn't that, bother you? 
It did. When I thought it was a "secret" instead of yet to developed/in the process od decveloping communication. 
The idea in my mind right of going outside and asking and/or telling people this isn't a "real" "thing". Or, "hey, are you aware you are simulated being?" I would probably be correct in that most people would ignore me. As typing it out it doesn't make sense to me, although in my head it sort does...*

* lets pretend I have a concise, simple way of explaing life to everyone. As that's one of my fantasies. ~~There's a lot involved, but things get more interesting I would think.~~ Then again, I often find things I don't understand or relate to to be underwhelminng, uncaptivating or to say, disinteresting. Anywho, I don't have a precise version of what I think "this world" should look like wherever I go, I just know generally I see things as "not perfect" more often than not? Maybe this is the part where its not about me makes more sense. For a moment I thought I might be able to turn the faded brick I see into something vibvrant just by thinking about it. Which of course, is true. My problem however, is the encapsulated enumeration of eniffiable effort required. Not my thing. 

So, what I'm doing right now, I enjoy. Not sure why I find this remarkable. I enjoy most things once I 'get into' them. My lack of "self esteem" comes to  mind as to my entire lack of motivation. It's one aspect. I also believe that I wasn't meant to have "a spark" until various combustiable materials where arranged. So, I'm less angry at the lack of sense I endure. Less annoyed, mostly because it's not as much effort as it used to be to complete a thought. Which, I can imagaine as that continues to improve as will my motivation. So really, if I do focus on a "problem" I suppose it would be communication. For example, at the moment the area refered to as the "nutirnet processing module 003" or "belly" I would tell a professional feels "slightly nauseis" Which, I wouldn't. I would, if I felt like moving, drink some water and go outside. 

But you decided to sit me down in front of a computer, so fuck you body. Interesting how the use of certain phrases in certain ways changes the maturity level of a communication. I agree with having rules, I don't agree how the rules are judged. Proper English, etc. This stems from my expierence attempting to live in America. It makes sense though...too far either way and you're not communicating (well.). 

As far as the next place to live. Honestly, at this point, just off the main street is my issue. Granted, these are oppurtunites to practice attention and ways to deal with a shared environment that may not be ideal. Which, as far as that goes, I believe I handle that pretty well these days. 

I think unless something drastic happens, we'll stick to the lease for nothing else at least a reference. We cooould save money...however I'm not yet convinved that is necssary for us. Honestly, my retiremnet plan has always been suicide. Which, I'm not sure which is more of loop, 401k or some sort of numbing substance to over dose (dies in sleep). Larry for example. That would bother me I think. Fear. I forget. He could easily take a bus somewhere warm. Maybe next time I see him I'll ask why he's tolerating the winter like this. SOmething changed. THe way he talked, his younger years seemed...not afraid. So maybe it's not that. We'll, I suppose I'll google that later. 

It's more than just...we'll I did good at home, so the "govt of the universe" will reward me with guarnteed income (or base income...this has been proposed by some parties before...

So, my inability to really relate value to what I do is really my problem. "I'll give you 20 bucks to fix my computer"...one click, ok yer good...nah, I feel bad taking so much money..." that whole thing. Inflation. Not sure what it really is, but it's not great. 

