Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2020-10-27T22:39:23-04:00

====== Wednesday 28 Oct 2020 ======

Has this day even happened yet? I don't think so. Waiting for something to compile. It's odd how I'll get so excited to get into something, when thinking about it, then when I go to do it, I become overwhelmed, discouraged and generally lose interest in the whole thing altogether. 

Regardless, I muddle through, trying to pick out colors for an operating system. 


--- some time later, hours

"wait, what did I do today???"" exclaimed me.

Well, that was a remarkably empathetic, low toned and firm "yes". __I mean, it made me sit down and continue typing. Regardless if I believe it later, that in itself is actually a very important / big deal.__ I even took time to format it with colors. 

Well, I see what you're doing, which won't be useful for later, but perhaps now. I'll go outside carrying a moist, lumpy, oddly shaped object that was created from stuff we did. 

So now I consider local politics as an exercise in realizing my dream that sim city is a thing you can do, in at least 3 if not more dimensions. 

--------------------

Accept reality? My old life wasn't good. Visa via psyotic thearpy, my new life is good. 

"I'm excited" comes out of my mouth. 

After some talk, I decided to see if I make the printer print stuff. Then I decided to not do that as I'm kind of hyper and plugging stuff in to an outlet will often give my head a very specific type of pressure that is just unbearable. 

Then the topic shifted to food and nutrients. I voted in favor of the awful tasting juice if it meant that I can optimally function. I can remember food well enough where I understand the debate. 

True, adderall does have a masking effect. Thank you for the reminder that all good tings must come to an end. I'm pretty sure I dont win until I stop feeling time. 

That's my fantasy anyway. Just show up, like a wizard. Do a wizard thing, then continue on. 
