Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2020-10-29T00:37:02-04:00

====== Thursday 29 Oct 2020 ======

So, if you are new to this place, you will no doubt run across a substance known to the natives as "adderall".

Unlike other substances I enjoyed breaking, this one captured my attention in a number of different ways. 

And I would like for this to go for a while, so hopefully I can. 

Today's discussion revolving around the, repurposing of this particular tool ( I do like the idea of baking soda adderall, having said that metaphorical adderall was a fun repreive from a the crushing weight of reality. We had/have/probably will discuss the startegy of the abistinence method. I've always felt bad for people who decided (I believe convinced, for good reasons, however that sort of contradicts my whole "figure it out yourself" mentallity. 

So. In my effort to circumvent the nasty notion of having to live life with such a uncessary worry, the idea of curbing one's enthusiam for anything, but "over doing" the "thing". A method I would not get on board with until years of various attempts lead to what I would almost dare to say, a recovery from a severve...life. Or pysocitic break. Depression? remains to be been. While "over doing" the thing, my energy then goes trying to make our environmnt more enjoyable. Simply enjoyable. I do understand it is difficult to leave only that energy out to stand on its own, given the notion of contrast and my vast expierence with constantly forgetting that any time spent in the upper stratsphere would eventually, stop. 

SOoo, as I proturd words forth and smugly, yet again, validate my notion of confidence in the fact that I do have a pretty solid grasp on what future consequences could hold. Living the life of a...hmmm....I was about to say "addict" but now thinking about it, my true problem was the chilly weather that accompanies waking up in these dimensions. Also a lot of the voices I hear here in my head, well...my first choice was //going to be// "fucking obnoxious" but then I rememeber the notion these voices might be my soul, and in fact are tryig to help me remember that I don't need to act anymore. Which is a misnomer. I already know that part, my trouble is slipping in and out of these skins, trying my best to act casually when I say, I saw "Bob". I heard "Bob" but I am having a difficult time holding on to "Bob". Which //is //fine, as the notion that I'm still in the process of a type of surgical procedure that requires seperated synapses, rewiring...keeps me assured that the "treasure hunt" merely entails performing some of what they call "chores". This word confuses, as it is often attached with a negative "childish" overtone. 


Oh...I almost fully remembered politcs in the sense of seeking __The Metaphor/ __
Which, as it's turning out, is not as striking as the scene on the porch at Bellows, where the narrow view of the downtown reminded me that it's not about what I don't like about it anymore, it's about how I'm going to navigate seemingly surrounded by it. Voting came up earlier. I dunno, my mind was changed on the topic of "insurance". While, I will probably make no effort to particpate in that part, just causes..paperwork. the notion of fellow hoomans (aka. People) sort of just helping by giving money energy to someone(s) who for some reason(s), had "their stuff all fucked up". That, is a sweet notion. I'm also quite content, here inside, not a part of any offical "party". I do indulge as the observor, which conflicts with a notion of family in a way. Only if you fall for the notion that the "family" doesn't understand exactly what I'm doing. SO, yeah, a lot changes in terms of the activities that I do. In terms of what I selected as to be "right" in my opionion, my main challenge is to not get overly upset at the things I buried somewhere deep as that kind of gross absurdity would be the opposite of "funny". 

Anyway. By the time I reached the end of that sentence, I'm all like 'yeah, I think that fills that obligation that I at least can empathize/understand what "Americans" and other bordered peoples are trying to do. ANd yes, I do appreciate for what that is. I'm more into background noise, or I guess subtlety. So yeah. Kind of sort of "suprised" but without the energy kick that this is being talked about, but I can say for sure I did forget. I thought about buying insuranc eariler. This could be more of an issue than the other current invisible "attacker" and/or virus. Basically, my exclamatinos at the burny man camp were endorsements of that type of spontanous, radical, constant, dynamic...change. Which, is a hard way to go.......(insert smiley face, only because right now my goal is to keep postive while I off/on consider the method of over toxification of amphetmines. I think the actual being sick part will be fun, ha ha, sort of...what will be the help here is that it is a dramatic/traumtic enough event will be yet another quite necessary reminder, that I no longer should require anything really to just basically function. I may have a different opinion about this later on this evening, as to remind, the past....what? several, at least...weeks have been a fairly immersive serious of forunate events.


~~Also, I am sort of a spaz. There is a possibility that if I can rememeber to just keep myself calm , even though I feel like a new born baby calf, ever so yearning to be active in the pasture,~~ 

So yeah, adderall. So many meanings, I'm not even sure where to begin. It helped me root out the ghosts you can't see with an MRI. Ugly? You bet. Worth the contrast? I would assume that would be a logical given. 

Well, I do not ever want to be too dismissive of what people think of me. I do feel compelled to sort of lead my life as an example for a lot of people who are as fortunate as I am. If anything, being an artists, is sort of it not quite in fact my duty and purpose in this rhelm. 

My, what I consider, to be a horrible habit of guilt is tricky. I never want to be that person who is afraid of admit to making a mistake. Having said that, as far as things like 'belief, faith, supernatural' are concerned, it seems to be a requirement to make mistakes. And then we'll say, my added fun is that I seemingly didn't "remember" the first part. Always forgetting and only having to "repeat" as that seems to be the only way to form memories. 

I did actually forget what the "last supper" was all about. I think that is just...should be more remarkable, but hopefully I have exhausted a majority of the nervous energy...


