Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2020-10-29T01:30:12-04:00

====== Friday 30 Oct 2020 ======

SO looking at a new perspective; it seems to make more sense that my mind has been tricking me...sort of suddenly realizing. but exactly in the opposite end of that spectrum. 

Meaning; it somehow led me to the substance...which of course< i would be instanstly and forever "addicted" no real choice. When, looking at how afraid of everything I was, seems like it could be just a trick to get me to take my meds. My body would react as if it was really enjoying itself, to get me to go along with it's methods of spirtual reasoning and regeneration. Waking Up....I would use "resurrection". 

the brain sought and found it's answer. It made sure to attach a pretty blonde to the substance. So I would take it, if only to prove to the female, that I'm "not a pussy and can do the drugs". That in fact would be a lie. I was a pussy. hesitant even. (for a nanosecond, as it was common courtesy to not show how eager you are to do the thing.... Which, heh...not so bad looking back on it. yeah. 



SO yeah, tryig to get outside and actually do things....however my obession with entertaining the kids, finds me still in this chair, debating...my memory. Whihch, ya know...in the mode of seemingly completely having memory refreshed (like, re-imaged). 

Playing the role of abusive drug addict, should disperse the bothersome (for me) claims otherwise. How would you watch someone lead a fulfilling, satisfied...but a demon with sexually related matters, and then try to tell them "they have this problem to deal with". sounds like jelous projection for that odd sense satisfacation making sure everyone is as unhappy as you are. 

--------------------

Ok. So now, I will test the "addy-stress" method. Kind of my way of working my way up to what I really want to test (which was discussed earlier if you rememeber).

	* why is my body nervous and why should I listen to it? 

My hope here is, given the oppurtunity to finally sit down and see if this is a viable solution to achieving my goals while I have exist here. 

So, like I said, I'm dipping into the pond. So I'm hoping that between the getting sick and the living space set up so more than just sleeping can occur, cos I need that. 

Another hope; this should settle the debate as to whether or not this type of dependency can be resolved with trama. IF it should Fail. Then, with this documentation, I can at least quiet the debate, so next cycle I can focus on deep diving into more of this "art" stuff (eg. the database, composition, general output in general.) Cos yeah, admittedly, the back and forth...is fun. However, there is a feeling I do get when I indulge in this sort of thing, which is good and makes sense and yeah, I'm most concerned with thinking up different ways to express my rage toward the, I'll say for now, bad kind of absurd. "Are you really questioning me again?" and the answer is yea, because MEMORY. THats how you build one. Repetation. 


28/10/2020 05:48

pill taken. wasn't keeping track, but more than two within a day time (which for me at this point, 4 should really be norm)

so, yeah...I'm nervous about this. Which I find odd, considering how much more I //could do. // Much like the nervous feeling before mushrooms or lsd. can't imagaine there is any good advice at the moment, except to just acknowledge the nervous. say 'no thanks' and continue to procede outside.

Thursday 29/10/2020 12:38

in quite positive spirits. hyper. tummy a bit rumbly. now I suppose, in the spirit of my dear love of symbolism. I will pretend, it's been a while since I've enjoyed powered cocaine insufulated through one of the somewhat dry yet understanding nasl passages. 

Now. I feel quite close to capturing this essence..ya know..forever. Having said, I've been in this exact "headspace" before. 
So.

Thank you for actually (from my POV) acknowledging that when I said I think I've had enough, you stopped. Not only that, an unexpected time later, you didnt test me, you just asked me a question. 

Fri 30 Oct 2020 08:00:12 PM EDT

Whole 'lot of stuff. I'm going to masturbate, for no other reason than I want to. For some reason it's important I don't explain why. 

Now, I did a bunch of stuff today, couldn't really say what at the moment, but it's all good. 
