Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2019-03-12T20:06:07-04:00

====== Tuesday 12 Mar 2019 ======

After the initial boost of a certain type of energy, as I wasn't lacking "energy" previous, after approxitmetly 4 hours I started to feel "slugish" mentally. Now, I'm comparing the initial boost with the drop off, as I type this I seem fairly sharp and calm. Perhaps this is another verion of "ok" that I usually consider a "problem". My eyeballs feel a sort of pressure that I usually attribute to being awake for many many hours. This makes me want to close my eyes. So, I added a ginseng packet to the tea to see if that might "refresh" things a tad. While it's not the wild fun ride of many milligrams of amphetines, I think this is actually closer to where I want to be on a regular basis. 

The drop off included a lack of wanting to communicate and talk. Whereas the previous four or so hours I didn't want to stop talking. 

Taking small steps...

I think I'm trying to get over this thought habit of trying to do all the things at once. Instead of spending countless obessive hours trying to get the living room "just right" or in other word, "perfect", Ann and came to a point where we both agreed "yeah, this is looking pretty good." and had to come to stop for the day. Still working on my perception of "time" and not feeling that frustrating sensation that there isn't "enough of it". 

"working on" not allowing the extremely frustraing series of jeolously...no wait, that wasn't the word. when Ann shares information about her past, especially relating to anything remotetly sexual, or comments she makes refering to the current, this awful feeling that there are things she does/did/would do with others but not with me...or this, seemingly paranoid thought pattern that she finds other males attractive but not me, and that i'll forever be stuck in this position of wanting certain things from her (physical contact, and ultimately sexual contact that she initiates) and not receiving them, but then being paranoid that if i let her out of my sight for 30 seconds, she'll fall in love with someone else and leave...goes back to patience. i say this, as certain memories I have lead me down this road that if I do the "right" things that one day we'll have a mutally physical aspect to our relationship. the fallback method for this potential disappointment is that one day things will be in a way which I cannot imgaine, where no matter what it ceases to be an issue. i think my fantasy is that if somehow, someday, i can master taking care of myself, she will find me attractive...and this of course, will take time. which of course, going back to this notion i constantly carry that that time will pass if I dont hurry...seems counter-productive. even right this moment thinking about it, I can feel myself getting slightly tense...which I think is impatience trying to take over. there's nothing that will change now, or tomorrow or the next the day. which is a problem i see, as what I think should happen is that I lose that sense of timing and just focus on taking care of myself that the amount of time won't matter and if I can forget about all that, one day i will be pleasantly surprised. Of course when I take a moment to savior this thought, self-doubt wants to chime in with all the reasons why that isn't possible and since that isn't possible why bother doing anything at all. well, all I can say at this point is that doesnt make any sense. i remember all(well most i guess) all the little indications that I know were real and not delusional. the way she hugged me when she was on top of me with her shirt off. it was a firm squeeze...amongst other moments. i focus on this because i really have a hard time imagining not being physcally attracted to her. she has made numerous remarks on how she finds drag queens attractive. which isn't cheifly important. it just lends to this notion i have that i/we will never be comfortable being physical with each other. which again, in the recent past has been proven untrue. we inimately cuddle. and while it would make sense to me that our physical relations that would be sexual in nature would occur infrequently, as we both prefer woman, there would be times when we would engage in such activity. which would only come when the dynamic of our relationiships shifts from caregiver/care-receiver to full time partners. which is a dynamic still in process of shifting and will take some time. for a while now, i catch myself reverting into this child-like role which frustrates...

i think i worry a lot about her leaving my life. again, this seems irrtational given what we've been through. fear of abandonment. 

but now...i should focus on being ok with ok and taking my time doing anything I set out to do...keeping the paranoia at bay with reminders that she clearly loves me, a lot...and this paranoia that she'll leave based on someone else opinion or because she "rather" "be" with someone else is another irrational pattern i have to somehow fight. this isn't a relationship i grew accustomed to seeing and expereincig where the couple splits up because the other "found someone new". It's more in the rhelm of polyamory where its not about replacing, but adding or supplementing. which, i've been saying to myself for a long time now, is that if i can get over paranoid, obessive jeoulosy, then i can have what I want....which many relationships with many peoples. what seems to be more in focus now are the things I can do to overcome this. a problem i had was 'how do i solve this???' and oddly enough the answer is somewhat simple...yes, the feelings will come...(this is the part ive had an extremely difficult time accepting)...but to just acknowledge this and "move on". its like thinking of the males Ann has had sex with...(which i bring up because this usually sends a very ugly feeling of 'well why not me then?'...i just have to remind myself, for lack of a better way of putting it, that i need to be consistent if i want to be included in that list...i seem to have days or moments where i'm an attractive adult human/male...but then the next day i'll feel and act like a child. which of course, a mature woman is not going to find attractive. 

the key point to this, which not "what do i need to do???!!??" is that I believe I'm not going to miss my oppurtunity if i take my time and in fact the more i take my time, the closer i am to..i want to say "achieving" a goal here, but really i believe its more just the simple pleasure that i never let this bother me again regardless of what happens. if Ann and I were to have intercourse right now, the problems I have would still exist. as i consider motivation in this life and what i'm doing here....so as I sit here, typing this all out, I have to remind myself i cant "solve" this now and i cant plan this out with the obessive detail that i seemingly think i need to do. as a matter of fact, an odd thing for me to consider is that all i really need to do is ; slow down, keep doing what i'm doing, trust myself, trust ann....and thats about it. learning how to strech out medication as to keep consistent, and being able to master the things I'm interested in....

my eyeballs still feel this pressure...which, yeah, i could take a nap now...its just that after days/weeks of constantly sleeping...i still want to stay awake. which, this makes sense given the habits i have to refactor. as lonng a i can stick to the one pill per calender day rule, i think i'll be ok. for no other reason, that this gives me a couple of satisfying notions...1)i still get to do what i want 2)if i can discipline myself to stick to one per day, eventually i will get the refreshing sleep i need so i can input new information. ha..sort of amusing is the fact that i actually just looked at the clock wondering how many hours i have left until i can take another pill...this is self control/impulse control. for some reason, even though i'm fairly content doing what i'm doing, i want to go back to the chatty, energetic version...which, if i want more reasons to do what i'm doing...is something i dont think ann apprecicates all of the time. i think there are times when we're on the same energy level and that is appropiate and there are other times where im sure i just exhaust her...which, who finds being exhausted attracive? ☺

btw, side effects of amphetimnes still need to just be tolerated and mitigated as best possible...keeping in mind, taking the bad with the good. i'll take slight discomfort in the eyes and stomach area to do what i'm doing now. 

and for the near future i just need to focus on finding a part time job i can tolerate and making music. and most of all, keeping things at this medium pace. when the thought of job came to mind, there was the familar sensation of "hurry! hurry!". nope. things //will// work out. i've seen it. as long as i keep trying, things will be just fine. 


 
