Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2018-11-26T16:37:41-05:00

====== Monday 26 Nov 2018 ======

The 12 Archetypes in Detail
Detailed Description of Desires, Fears and Talents of each of the 12 Archetypes

The Ego Types

1. The Innocent

	Motto: Free to be you and me
	Core desire: to get to paradise
	Goal: to be happy
	Greatest fear: to be punished for doing something bad or wrong
	Strategy: to do things right
	Weakness: boring for all their naive innocence
	Talent: faith and optimism
	The Innocent is also known as: Utopian, traditionalist, naive, mystic, saint, romantic, dreamer.

2. The Everyman

	Motto: All men and women are created equal
	Core Desire: connecting with others
	Goal: to belong
	Greatest fear: to be left out or to stand out from the crowd
	Strategy: develop ordinary solid virtues, be down to earth, the common touch
	Weakness: losing one’s own self in an effort to blend in or for the sake of superficial relationships
	Talent: realism, empathy, lack of pretense
	The Everyman is also known as: The good old boy, regular guy/girl, the person next door, the realist, the working stiff, the solid citizen, the good neighbor, the silent majority.

3. The Hero

	Motto: Where there’s a will, there’s a way
	Core desire: to prove one’s worth through courageous acts
	Goal: expert mastery in a way that improves the world
	Greatest fear: weakness, vulnerability, being a “chicken”
	Strategy: to be as strong and competent as possible
	Weakness: arrogance, always needing another battle to fight
	Talent: competence and courage
	The Hero is also known as: The warrior, crusader, rescuer, superhero, the soldier, dragon slayer, the winner and the team player.

4. The Caregiver

	Motto: Love your neighbour as yourself
	Core desire: to protect and care for others
	Goal: to help others
	Greatest fear: selfishness and ingratitude
	Strategy: doing things for others
	Weakness: martyrdom and being exploited
	Talent: compassion, generosity
	The Caregiver is also known as: The saint, altruist, parent, helper, supporter.

The Soul Types
5. The Explorer

	Motto: Don’t fence me in
	Core desire: the freedom to find out who you are through exploring the world
	Goal: to experience a better, more authentic, more fulfilling life
	Biggest fear: getting trapped, conformity, and inner emptiness
	Strategy: journey, seeking out and experiencing new things, escape from boredom
	Weakness: aimless wandering, becoming a misfit
	Talent: autonomy, ambition, being true to one’s soul
	The explorer is also known as: The seeker, iconoclast, wanderer, individualist, pilgrim.

6. The Rebel

	Motto: Rules are made to be broken
	Core desire: revenge or revolution
	Goal: to overturn what isn’t working
	Greatest fear: to be powerless or ineffectual
	Strategy: disrupt, destroy, or shock
	Weakness: crossing over to the dark side, crime
	Talent: outrageousness, radical freedom
	The Outlaw is also known as: The rebel, revolutionary, wild man, the misfit, or iconoclast.

7. The Lover

	Motto: You’re the only one
	Core desire: intimacy and experience
	Goal: being in a relationship with the people, work and surroundings they love
	Greatest fear: being alone, a wallflower, unwanted, unloved
	Strategy: to become more and more physically and emotionally attractive
	Weakness: outward-directed desire to please others at risk of losing own identity
	Talent: passion, gratitude, appreciation, and commitment
	The Lover is also known as: The partner, friend, intimate, enthusiast, sensualist, spouse, team-builder.

8. The Creator/Artist

	Motto: If you can imagine it, it can be done
	Core desire: to create things of enduring value
	Goal: to realize a vision
	Greatest fear: mediocre vision or execution
	Strategy: develop artistic control and skill
	Task: to create culture, express own vision
	Weakness: perfectionism, bad solutions
	Talent: creativity and imagination
	The Creator is also known as: The artist, inventor, innovator, musician, writer or dreamer.

The Self Types
9. The Jester

	Motto: You only live once
	Core desire: to live in the moment with full enjoyment
	Goal: to have a great time and lighten up the world
	Greatest fear: being bored or boring others
	Strategy: play, make jokes, be funny
	Weakness: frivolity, wasting time
	Talent: joy
	The Jester is also known as: The fool, trickster, joker, practical joker or comedian.

10. The Sage

	Motto: The truth will set you free
	Core desire: to find the truth.
	Goal: to use intelligence and analysis to understand the world.
	Biggest fear: being duped, misled—or ignorance.
	Strategy: seeking out information and knowledge; self-reflection and understanding thought processes.
	Weakness: can study details forever and never act.
	Talent: wisdom, intelligence.
	The Sage is also known as: The expert, scholar, detective, advisor, thinker, philosopher, academic, researcher, thinker, planner, professional, mentor, teacher, contemplative.

11. The Magician

	Motto: I make things happen.
	Core desire: understanding the fundamental laws of the universe
	Goal: to make dreams come true
	Greatest fear: unintended negative consequences
	Strategy: develop a vision and live by it
	Weakness: becoming manipulative
	Talent: finding win-win solutions
	The Magician is also known as:The visionary, catalyst, inventor, charismatic leader, shaman, healer, medicine man.

12. The Ruler

	Motto: Power isn’t everything, it’s the only thing.
	Core desire: control
	Goal: create a prosperous, successful family or community
	Strategy: exercise power
	Greatest fear: chaos, being overthrown
	Weakness: being authoritarian, unable to delegate
	Talent: responsibility, leadership
	The Ruler is also known as: The boss, leader, aristocrat, king, queen, politician, role model, manager or administrator.

{{~/workspace/written_words/KWML.jpg}}

