Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2018-12-07T09:54:34-05:00

====== 7b ======
Created Friday 07 December 2018

Feeling the hovering, lingering, pestering sensatation of anxiety. Havent felt this in some time. I'm assuming, with a general degree of certainity that its either or both a lack of a nap and the lingering effects of amphetimines. 

I would say it's both, considering this just sort of hit (9:56am) after many hours of not noticing such a feeling. 

I can feel weariness setting in. 

I'm not letting this discourage me from a few goals;

	to continue projecting positivity despite the addedd weight of these feelings. during my time without amphetimines, it was a challenge to keep despair at bay, although in the previous week leading up to refilling my Rx, I feel I was doing fairly well. Especially in regards to attachment to Ann. The week was a confirmation that I do not need them to operate the way I like. Having said that, for some reason I find programming to be much more, not interesting, its always interesting...but doable. Dr Carroll made a good analogy about beating the same drum. Its not that I dont have the ability to do what ive done for the past couple days, which is to sit down and write focused, clear, documented code, its just the drive? isn't there. I rememer remarking when I looked at a programming book 'oooh, i'm all of a sudden in the mood to do this' but when given the oppurtunity, i prefer sleep and/or netflix or just finding someone to shoot the shit with. 
	
	So how do I get into the habit of drive? Right now my main focus is maintaining control over my emotions. Which, later on will prove to be a challenge I'm willing to be. I'm going to want to sleep later, maybe...
	
	Thinking this morning about perpetual motion. If i keep myself focused on challenges, puzzles, things to work out, it's like a force field that keeps the negative vibrations at bay. For example right now, when I sat down I was not excited about opening up the latop. Now i'm thinking, engaged, and I'm enjoying it again. 
	
	
	I have all the time in the world. There is no more "this has to be done now". this means i can work on long term projects instead of trying to do everything in one night. i've already won. Ann said "I. Love. You" as I did to her. Everything else on top of that is just sprinkles. I can finish that this lifetime or the next, it really doesn't make a difference to me (or it shouldn't anyway) given my "believies"
	
	I feel no more pressure. No more fear of failure. No more self-consciousness. When I say 'no-more' i say that with a salt shaker as those feelings are like all the rest, they come knocking on the door from time to time trying to peddle their warez. 
	
	I didn't sprint down here this morning. I walked casually, taking the environment in. 
	
	Sharing happiness. That seems to be the feeling the creeps up behind the eyes, for some reasons masking itsel as sadness. Which leads to this impatient feeling. If i'm right, then i'm already sharing my happiness which means i'm accomplishing what I want to do. i'm not sure theres much else besides practicing that. 
	
	interesting...that "odd, meloncholny" feeling when "idle" is replaced with a version of anxiety. i suppose a stronger sensatation than that of earlier when I felt it, but was like 'meh' its more calm. maybe caffeine related? not so sure why im so stubborn about decaf. it tastes the same. so weird. will acquire a bag of that later. im not sure thats so a challenge as much as it is neededing to adjust something....
	
	quite odd i find myself slightly self-conscious doing the same thing ive been doing....
